This text is about an audio agains computerized voting in relation with a text for computerized voting.

The speaker first said that many people wish for a computerized voting system and expect that it would make the votings go better. But it is only easier for people who are used to computers not for those who are not used to modern technology. There are even people who cannot affort computers which would lead to that less people go voting.
Furthermore, there will be people who would be discouraged by their dread of technology to vote on a screen.
In contrast, the text claims that there are people who accidentally voted for the wrong canditate due to their poor eyesight and confusedness with the ballot. A vote that is computerized could make the voting process simplier.
The next argument of the text was that human make mistakes as by counting the votes wrongly.
Moreover, it takes a lot of effort to count all those ballots but a computer program could count them easily and fast.
However, the speaker admitted that humans do make mistakes yet computers are not better. Computers are programmed by humans and if there is a mistake in the system the damage of one mistake is bigger than one mistake by a human being. One error in the computer system could cause thousands of miscounted votes.
Moreover, it is said that computers are used for banking and communication but these computers are used daily. As those programs were first started to be used they did not work flawlessly. They became better by time and corrections. A local voting happens about twice a year and a national one every two years. One would not have enough experience and time to notice mistakes or correct them.

To sum up, the text gave many arguments in favour of computerized voting just like that computers make less mistakes and it is more comfortable for some people yet the speaker had many arguments against it just like that computers are programmed by humans who make mistakes and that some people will be discouraged to go voting technologically since they are not used to modern computer programs.