The sources describe different opinions on this matter. The text says that a computerized voting system is better than the old system and the audio said that computerized system is something that the USA should not get because it is also not as good and as hard-working as people tend to think.
So, the text begins with the disadvantages of the old system. It is "inefficient" (line 1), because is often is an inaccurate counting of votes. People who have bad eyesight, like old people have problems seeing the name on the ballot and can possibly mark the wrong name. The old voting system also requires people to count the ballots because these people need to count almost over thousand ballots they can easily make mistakes and if that happens there needs to be a recount which will take long and will be expensive. 
The text also tells the advantages of the computerized voting system. It is easier to handle because you can see names better on it and they count faster and effortlessly, so they are no as vulnerable to mistakes as people. Also why shouldn't we trust a computerized voting system if we trust a computerized banking transaction.

On the other hand the audio says that people who aren't familier with computers because they don't use them or are afraid of them could happen to not go vote because of this fear or unknowing. It may be also not free of mistakes because people programm it and if they make a mistake there not only a few ballots are wrong, but thousands or more. It would be way more bad than just people forgetting one or two ballots. An argument of the audio is also that the computer systems that we have today are only as good as they are because they've been often in use and often improved, but because the computerized voting system would only be used twice a year for national votes it would not be as often used as other computers or computer systems. So it could not be improved as often or as good as other computerized things and than mistakes could happen. These are different arguments than in the text where it reads that the computerized system could not have any fails and that people would better understand it and could work better with it.  