So basically the texts are about how election votes can be wrong if you use for example the computer for everyone to vote. The Computers are programmed by humans so they can make mistakes and if the people vote often there are thousands of elections who can be wrong or just disappear.Or 1000 of votes can be discounted.So basically computers aren`t that you as most of the people probably think. Another important point is that not all of the people can afford or can handle a computer, I mean todays generation knows best how to work with a coputer because it`s in our normal day, for example in school we use it, in uni even later when we will work we will use computers. But for example our grandparents don`t know how to use a computer and also the writing on the computer is way to small for them to read. So if our grandparents would election by a computer I think half of the older people would`t know how to use it and the election would probably not the right one which they wanted to choose regulary. I guess that is a major problem nowadays. Imagine that the wrong person was elected for a really high position but half of the people dint`t want him to be an influenced person, imagine how much trouble that would make if people would be concernd about the election and would go on the street and protest against it, that would be so much trouble for the country. I think that the written voting, when you write it on paper and make your cross for the person you want to elect, is more trustworthier than the computer one because everyone knows how to write a cross and choose the person. But there can be a problem too if the people can`t find their party or their person to select because the election paper is often really big so that older people can read it aswell and it takes time until you`ve found your party or your person to elect. So I think basically, that both of the methods aren`t the best one but the savest one is the election by paper eve though for some people electing by computer is "fancier" but there is a big population of older people with so much life experience so the know what is good and so it`s really important to have their election and not the wrong election by accident.