Essay; voting with computers?

At the following essay there should be shown up two arguments one from the text and one from the audio and then they will be compared with each other and the differents will be shown. 

At first there will the argument of the text which says, that it would be more safe if the votings of the people in the United States would be counted by an computer, not by different human. The text shows the negative sites of letting people count the votes for another party or president because it could be inefficient and the count of votings could be inaccurate. 
The folks of the United States thought, that a computerprogramm which counts the votings is more trustworthy and efficent and there should't be a "Human error", because everybody could count the votes wrong. A humans is "programmed" to do mistakes. 

At the audio the speaker said, that it is a bad idea to use computers. Not everybody could use them, so it would just be good for people who works daily with it or known how to use it. It isn't shure that computers do a better job than human, because computers are programmed by human. When the computer has an error it isn't possible to remove the votings, also it isn't shure if the programme works, so once in two years it only will be used. It is only clever to use those programms if they often be used otherwise it is not important. 


Those arguments from the audio are really different to those which are in the text. The text is strictly for the voting with computers and shows just the positive aspects of it, while the audio says, that it is right that human make mistakes, but it is also possible that the computers make mistakes. Also it shows the nagtive aspects, that if the computer has an error it isn't removable, if a human counts the wrong numbers it is possible to count it again and so it is removable. The audio shows the nagtive sites at the computer and those are more important, than the fact that human also make mistakes. It could be safe if it will be used daily, but it is just once in two years so it is more clever to let count thee votings by human than by a computer. 