In the follwing essay I will compare an information text and a presentation, both about the topic of voting systems in the US.

The main statement of the information text is that the current voting systems should be replaced by computerized systems so that there will be less mistakes, made by humans. In contrast to that the main point of the presentation was that computerized systems are not any better and there will be just as much mistakes as there are now because it is just too risky.

In the text it was said that there are made many mistakes while voting beacause the people in the US vote by filling out a big sheet of paper with many liitle names. Apparentley people can not raelly se where they have to tick to vote for the candidate they want to vote for and because of that vote for a different one by accident.
An idea to make less mistakes ist to replace the current systems with computers so that you vote by cklicking on a computer.

In the presentation the problems of these computers were discussed. One problem could be that not all people have access to technology and how to use a computer so that they would might be afraid of not knowing how to use these new voting systems and will not even want to try to vote.

Another difficulty about the current systems is, as said in the text, that the votes are being counted by humans and humans make mistakes by nature so they might not count precise enough.
The idea to replace these humans who count the votes with a computer system is also being seen difficult by the critics in the presentation because these computer programs are made by humans too so there will probably be mistakes in them too and a mistake in one of these voting programs could be much more fatal and affect more data than just one person ticking the wrong candidate. 

The last critical point that is being said in the presentation is that technology always has to be improved and that you have to do this improvement with gaining experience and learning from making mistakes but in the case of these new computer voting systems making mistakes can not be a choice and there is too little elections so that you could actually learn and improve these systems al lot.

Concluding the information text and the presentation represent very opposite opinions on replacing the current voting systems in the US with computerized ones.