During the speech the author gave his opinion on the counting of votes with the technical help of a computer system in countries like the United States of America. In the beginning of his speach he expßlained that computerised systems may be easier and quicker than real humans counting the votes, but could also leaad to problems since many people can't afford them or don't have enough or any knowledge in teachnical devises and handling computers which could actually leading to not making them understand the use of the computers. This could lead to errors and misscounted votes, being also described in the text which could especially damage elections which are closely contested. Also being told in the speech, these amounts of votes could not be proofes because there are no physical records so an error or misscounted vote could not be found and erased.
Another problem in the text was also that there were big amount of candidates for each elections on the list so that people would touch the wrong name leading to mistakes as well since the computers would have sensitive touch screens and on how it was explained in the speech, many people (e.g. older peopler who never experienced this technology) would not understand it and the false touching of a name could not be replaced with the right name of the candidate they want to elect. 
On the  other side, in the speech it said, that not the big amount of the candidates, but furthermore the rare amount of "election events" about up to twice a year would be too less since we use technology for banking transactions or the communication with highly sensitiv information way more often so we have  more opportunities to improve them every day. In the text, the argument with our banking and communication for which we use technology is well was kind of said as false in the speech because like how many people think that we are used to it is wrong.
In the speech and the text, it became clear that computer technology could replace the counting of votes by humans a lot morebecause it is more efficient, independent and doesn't lead to human faults. Also being said in the text using computer systems can be way more secure since it can't be manipulated.