They are many problems with the traditional voting system. Humans can make mistakes by counting the votes. And people can be confused with the voting sheets because they have many names on it. So the solution might be to switch to an electronic voting system. This way people who are used to computers can easily work with them, but for example older people who don't have a computer don't know how to use them. So they might have trouble with voting because of their fear for technology. Humans make mistakes, but computers are programmed by humans. So if the human makes a mistake by programming the computer, the computer has the mistake too. The problem with the electronic is that votes can be miscounted and computers often don't work flawlessly. They can not be trust. It says in the text that voters can't find the name of a candidate on a large sheet of paper because they are so many on it. But it's the same on a computer. All of the names must stand there, so it's still not organized. People with poor eyesight have problems with reading the small names on the paper, but on the computer it's even worse because the screen is bright and everything is probably smaller than on a paper. Even if they try to fix it on the computer, it's still a problem for people with bad eyes or people who are not used to this technology. It's right that people can make mistakes with counting the total votes but the computer can make mistakes too and in the worst case the voting can get hacked by someone who changes the voting number. Computers can't remove the possibility of human error because the human programmed the system. Which means that if the human does a mistake, the computer has it to and it can't fix it by itself, it needs the help of a human. People are using computer technology to do banking transactions, but this is sometimes not so safe and it can be really risky. So finally they are good and bad habits about this new voting technology, but the traditional voting can be better at some points for example it's a safer way. 