The person who gave the speech I just listened to would for sure not like the guy who wrote the text above. While in the text computerized voting is presented as the flawless and totally perfect solution towards all the problems traditional voting has, while the audio states especially old and poor people who don't have daily access to a computer may be afraid of digital voting and that it may be dangerous.

The lady from the speech, let's call her Ms.Speech, opposed the guy who has written the text, let's call him Mr.Text, with quite a few points. Her first point was that some people may not be used to computers from the daily life, so they'd make mistakes more easily or even would see that whole system as too suspicious to vote at all. So many people who usually would have voted may not. 
The second point Ms.Speech states is, that a computer may not be better than a human counting the ballots, because every computer is programmed by a human and as Mr.Text definetly would agree: Humans tend to make mistakes.
Also she thinks it's a very dangerous choice, because if you don't trust a specific human you can just count the votes again, but imagine a computer making a mistake without the votes having been saved? potentially thousands of votes may be lost, this would be a big thread for every election. 
She also has something to critisize the "we trust computers for equal important tasks, like online banking, everyday.": The point is that we do it on an everyday base, those systems are relatively safe because they're used very often so they aren't really new and can be improved at any time. Elections aren't that frequent, an a national level every 2 years and even on a local level not more often than two times a year. So for what we know it wouldn't be so easy and eventually we would ending up having problems for at least the first 10-20 elections. 

So even though Ms.Speech doesn't say that computers are a bad thing at all, she definetly pointed out many problems we may have with electronic elections.