I want to start with the listening part.
First piont is that traditional voting system may have some problems but you shouldn´t completly rely on the computerized voting system. Because the computer system maybe seems easy for people who can work with computers it is much more difficult for people who don´t use the computer or only use him 1 times a month. When it comes to the counting of the sheets there is another big risk. When you count by hand then you could probably miss like a few sheets and this is bad but not as bad as when the computer system is defect because then the vots could get to the wrong candidate or there could also be deleted or forgotten but instead of a few there could be thousands of votes could be deleted. And under this points is hardly sufficent that computerized systems can work as good as traditional voting systems. And finally she is talking about the point that many computer systems only working that good because they were develop over many years and this avtion has to take place first before you could think about using computerized voting systems.

The text is about the same theme but it is not like the listening against computerized voting systems but it says that it is better then traditional voting. First argument is that the voting system of the United States is inefficient and often lead to the inaccurate counting of votes. Also the voting sheet is to large and there are to many names on it. This could resolve into the problem that people who can not see that good could maybe tick the wrong candidates. Another major problem with the United Staates voting systems, which the text describe is, that they rely heavily on people to count the votes. One problem are also the people who count the votes because they have to deal with thousands of ballots, it is almost inevitable that they will make mistakes. The text also says that computerized systems remove the possibility of human error, since all the vote counting is done quickly and automatically by the computer. The government should rely on computer systems because they are in general very effectiv  and work perfectly accurate for example in banking transactions and communication of highly sensitive informations. 