There are many different opinions concerning a new computerized voting system. It is a highly discussed topic since there are many sources for problems in the traditional voting system that is mostly dependent on humans. That is why many critics of the old system want to computerize the way of voting in the future. There are some advantages to this but it could also cause new problems. 
A weakness of the traditional system was for example that older people whose eyesight wasn't the best anymore had problems reading the ballot and thus often marked the wrong name. On the one hand, that is a weakness that computerized systems want to improve by making it easier for the voters to read and click the name of the candidate they want to vote for. On the other hand, theres's issues arising here as well: The voters that have had problems due to their eyesight are probably also the ones that aren't very well accustomed to newer technologies like computer voting systems with a touch screen. This is problematic since these voters may not only be confused and thus click the wrong name but also because they get discouraged before even going to vot which could end in them not voting anymore at all. 
Another disadvantage of the traditional voting systems is the possibility of human error which leads to miscounts that can dramatically influence the final result. As for this issue new technology wouldn't make any human-like mistakes so that miscounts of that sort could be avoided. But looking at it from another point of view, computer systems are still not flawless especially since they were also created by humans and can thus contain errors. An error in this kind of system could be even more dramatic than a human miscount because computer systems could possibly even completely delete important information. 
While supporter of the new computerized system are convinced that we should be able to trust this sort of technology since we are all using it on a daily basis (for example during banking transactions) critics of this new digitalized way of voting think that computers aren't reliable enough to to overpass them such an important responsibility.
In conclusion there are still a lot of flaws in our traditional system of voting but a new computerized way would cause new troubles as well.