The text critizes the old voting system because humans can do so many mistakes at it. 
For example when old people with viewing or eye problems get this huge sheet of paper with every candidates name on it, it is not impossible that they set their cross next to the false name. But the woman who talks said to this that even when the people are able to read the names better on a computer and have an easier way to set their cross on the right name it could be that they just do not want to go to the elections because they are afraid of this new technical things and so this kind of voting is just something for people who are used to using computers everyday and know how it functions.
An other from the old-system-critics point is that the humans who should count the number of voters for the different candidates can make mistakes too and if this happens it would take a long time to count all the votes again. Against that the woman said that computers can easily make mistakes too because nobody can be really sure that the program functions right or that the data does not have any mistakes in it. 
But another important point for the woman was that when computers have this pretty called error the whole nzmber of votes is lost or the election is not ready to start at the set date and have to be moved to a different date which could cause some kind of trouble ecspecially when the election hasve to be again when the votes just got lost because of an error. 
But the author of the text says that humans trust computers every single day and giving them really sensitive informstion like their bank informations and so on. But, like the woman said in her speech, these are programs who are used everyday from a huge mount of people and so they are very well developed and ecspecially of young person often used thing. But just because they exist for years and are used so often people invest so much time into the development of them. A system just for elections which are maybe every second year on just one day will take a really long time to get perfect because the persons who program such systems are maybe more into things which will be more "important" for themselves just because people using other things so often and if these does not function it will be a really huge problem instead of one new electtion which is does not really needed because the old system works well in their opinion.
So can clearly see that the woman is for the old voting system and the auhtor of the text supports a new voting system.