I will talk about the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five)should not be allowed", in the following essay.
 In our generation it is normal that children have a mobile phone and a "I pad" or something like this. When they do not have the best of the best they were uncool and sometimes they get bullied by other children. The parents try to get them back to the old times, like playing in the garden or reading a book. When I was 5 years old I`d love to play with my friends or with my babyborn.Furthermore, I do not even really now what happens around the world or what televison can be. Sometimes I watched movies for children but never a ducumentary. Nowadays, children at this age have their own TV in their room and there are many shows whitch are not good for them or things they can not understand at this age. Moreover, they here something about political stuff in the trash tv and they think it is right if its not adressed to them.
So, firstly the positive thing is that the children can learn something about the world very early and they do not need to talk to their parents or read a book but thats really sad, for me. Indeed, the show were adressed to children and so there would be a lenguage for this age to understand and the surrounding would be great to see. But children will watch this the whole time and do not even know how to read a letter or a book. Likewise, I agree with the point that it should not be allowed. Yes, children need education but in the age of two to five they are to young. They do not must know this stuff and they do not buy anything. So, they should play or read and for me this tv advertisings should be allowed at the age of 12 because there you can start to think about what they talk about. Some people say that children need as much education as they could get but not at this age. Think about your childhood ? Can you imagine to watch and important is to understand what the people what from you in this advertising.
 At this moment, I totally agree with this statement and it should not be allowed, everything else is to much for this children. Also, when it is adressed to this children we do not know if they show bullshit there so the parents were not happy when they see the trash but I must tell at least that the children would only watch this shows and not everything else what is badly for them to see like a horror movie. But that did not change my opnion! 