Nowadays, advertisements can be hardly avoided: you see them everywhere, on the streets, in magazines, on websites and also television. In the following text I will argue why television advertising toward young children from the age of two to five is or is not reasonable and whether it should be allowed or not.

It can't be argued that a lot of children watch TV, where they face a lot of advertisement targeted not only for, but also for them. Children from the age of two to five have less control over themselves and aren't always reasonable, as can be seen by the many tantrums especially young children throw and the annoying shrieks they like to do when they don't get what they want. Now imagine they see an advertisement on TV and are persuaded into thinking they desperately need that item, for example LEGO cubes. This will result in tensions between them and their parents. 
However, it should be made clear that not every child watches television - as I sincerely hope they have other and better things to do - and that I expect the parents, who have control and supervision over them, to control their television consume.  This way they can also control what series, movies, but also what advertisements they watch. 
Then again the parents can't always be there for their children and watch over them 24/7, so the children are still at risk of being manipulated. 
But even if they get "manipulated", these kids are not old enough to decide (yet) and don't have that much influence. Some of them will perhaps insist on getting that Barbie doll, or whatever else they want, but the parents still have the authority and the children are obliged to listen to what they say.
I think it is still important to stress just how badly the children get influenced by all the advertisement, especially those directed at them, which makes them want bad and wrong things.
However, advertisement can also help the children to know what they really want out of the many things that are offered on the market. Also, the same "manipulation" applies to basically every human being that has seen advertisement: the goal is always to manipulate the folks into buying stuff or otherwise spending money. For example, teenage girls are offered "beauty tips" in expensive magazines, and "make-up" items that they really do not need. 
Lastly, advertising is important as a sort of income for the people who advertise.
I conclude that advertising for young children should be allowed and is fine as it is.
