first of all i have to say that i am not shure about the vocabulary in the question so i am going to answer the question, if childrem from age two to five should watch as much tv as people at a higher age. 

no. i really do not think children this age but also older children should watch much tv. they are young they are children, they should go outside play soccer, drive around with their bike or inlineskates. the contact to other kids is much more important than to hang around on the sofa an watsch something very uninterlectual and things nobody needs. as a child you should experience the world with friends or with your family. you should experience it on your own an do not watch tv and see how painted figures do that. the series for children often do not have anything to learn something from ore worse they learn something but not the good things, the bad things only. 

but if they watch tv, because soetimes it is okay, they should watch a series they can learn soething good from. parents should give strict rules for the tv and give also times when the children are allowes to watch tv and what they are allowed to watch.
 it would be horrible if a child this young age turns on the tv in the evening an something thar shows war or even just blood or dead would be showen there. they should only watch tv together with their parents so they can control what and how long they do it.

in my childhood i was only allowed to watch tv one hour a day, and only if i was nice the day before. the older i got the more i was allowed to watch tv. today i know what is on the tv and i am glad and thankful my parents stopped me watching tv in the late evening or in the night. 

parents in genereal should not let their young children watch tv all the time ore even alone. if a five years old child, or even younger or a bit older, sees something brutal ore sexual on tv they would not know how to deal with that.
but the parents should make them clear they just want to protect them and not want do vorbid evberything that seems to be nice. children can not imagine what happens in the world and think everything is nice. parents have to make them clear it is not and have to protect them.
there won´t be enough time for playing outside when they are in school so they should use the time they have at this wonderful young age and should not waste it on bullshit like tv.