Essay; Television

The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should be not allowed." will in the following essay be analyzed and end up with the opinion of my own. 

At first there should be given positive and negative aspects of the topic. 
To let children watching TV could be positive for the parents because they also have to cool down. If they have a children which cries everytime for example but in front of the television it is excited of all those colours and doesn't cry, it is good. so why the children shouldn't watching TV?. Another aspect is that the children could get a more better use of words or learn new words. In Germany there are many TV shows to learn english for children, it is easy because they explain every word for three or more times and repeat it. 
At the age of two to five the children should be allowed to watching TV because of an hour could not be this bad for them. Maybe when they are in the kindergarden it could be worse because some of the other children watches television at home and they talk about some series but the children who doesn't watch TV because of the parents of him doesn't allowed it, it can't integrate him- or herself to them for the reason, that at the society of today are electronic things, social media, the internet and also the TV is really important. 
Another reasons is, that if parents don't want their children to be watching mad series the children could watch news and know in a young age many about what is up in the world. 

A reason against that children watching TV in the young ages is, that they maybe get mad and starts crying, screaming and be really aggressive and angry. Often the children can't get along with those many colours and the moving at the TV, it makes them mad in their brain and they could get crazy about it. 
another reason is, if they are often in front of the TV they want it every time, like a man who take drugs, it is something that they think to need after some times. So they always asks their parents to let him or her watching TV and asks them all time long, to the point where the parents say yes.
another reason is, that the children don't want to play with friends, they just want to watches TV, parents who doesn't look time for time what their children is watching are bad, because it could watches series or a film which isn't for his age and the children could get paranoia or something else, but it could be mentally destroyed. 

In my opinion children should watch TV because the daily society it is normal to have a smartphones, or watching TV even at a young age. But parents have to see sometimes what the children is watching so they can't watch series or films which are for older children or not good for their mind because they could be mentally disabled.  