The given statement proposes that television advertising that is directed towards young children should not be allowed. Personally, I agree with this, seeing that especially young children around the proposed ages between two and five years are easily manipulated. Adults and teenagers are heavily influenced by commercials as well, although they, contrary to small children, know about deceits such as false advertisement and what it is in fact intended to achieve - to lure potential buyers for certain products. It doesn't necessarily show the truth.
So if an adult for example watches a commercial targeted towards their age group, they may weigh the pros and cons of the product, be it consciously or not, despite only the great aspects of the respective product being shown and emphasized. Children don't automatically do that. They would of course see the pros of what they're seeing, but they don't ask for the negative aspects that come along with it. Thus, they can be easily tricked into fully believing commercials, convince their parents to buy said product and then come to be disappointed or simply desire more.
Furthermore, it could potentially convey false messages or imply things to manipulate the child's mind. As already mentioned above, children are very easily influenced. The goal of advertisement is ultimately influencing the potential customer before the television. Specific mindsets towards certain topics can be planted into the little ones head before they even know much about it, which on a long run may turn out harmful to them or others. If, as a very extreme example, faschist propaganda were somehow hidden in commercials targeted towards children, that would not only have severe consequences for the child, but their environment and the people around them as well. In general, the chance of any of it being intended propaganda is relatively small, but, whether intended or not, it does take part in the child's life, especially now that television is playing a large role in the lives of many kids.
However, it is the firm's responsibility to sell their products, and directing their advertising to this age group may secure them a much larger number of customers, since every parent wants to satisfy their child and make them happy.
But therer are other ways for firms to secure this part of the market, without having to drag in small children who don't know much about advertising and are thus prone to its effects. They don't have the responsibilty do deal with this 

