Nowadays many children, especially young children aged two to five watch television because of parents who have no time or are just not amused to play with their children. The children watch everything in television for example telivision advertising. In the following essay I will discuss whether television advertising directed young children should be allowed.
Firstly I would like to mention that there are a lot of channels for children. They are especially made for them to sleep well or just to laugh a little bit and get some kind of distraction. They are made to give the parents time to calm down or to do other things like the dishes. This sort of channels have no bad influence on a little child.
Furthermore children do not watch television that much because they go to the kindergarden and spend time with their parents. 
Another argument I would like to add is that every adult has do decide on their own whether it is okay for a child to watch television or not. There could be some parents who want their children to watch television advertising. Parents have to make decisions on their own beacsue this is their 'job'. They get a child to take care for it this leads to own decisions and an own opinion how to raise a child.
The last argument I would like to mention is that children aged between two and five are not that interested in television. They like to play outside or to meet their friends. Usually they play with dolls or with other toys to have fun. Sometimes they have to spend the whole day in the kindergarden where they play with their friends every single second and where they do not have the possibility to watch television.
To sum it up I think that it should be allowed for lables or brands to have the possibility to make television advertising even if children will watch it. There are different channels and some especially for children that is why it should be a task for parents to raise a child in the right way and tell him/her which things are allowed and which are not.