Television  advertising specialy for young children could drasticaly improff the money wich large companies, wich produce toys for young children, make, because the children see the toys in television and then want they parents to buy it. Annother aspect would be that this adviserments only run on television channels which are especialy made for young children. With this method the adviserments would be only seen by their target group. The television channels for the young children would get a lot of money this way and can use it to show film and series with higher quality.

Possible reasons for not allowing television advertisaments for young children could be the kids of this age cant realy differenciate what of the advertisament is real and what is only a special effect. At this age the children dont have a real own oppinion, which means that if the advertisament say that they need this toy and everybody wants it they think ist true and then they also want this toy. A problem with the advertisaments on TV channels for kids would be that kids dont like it to wait. But if the advertisaments are like the ones for adults, then the children would have to see 15 minutes of advertisaments just to see the last minutes of they favourite series. For some parrents the advertisaments would be also a problem because they want to know what they have to expect what they children see on TV. FOr the normal TV programm you can just look it up but you never now which advertisaments will be there. And if the special advertisaments are shown on the normal TV channels the adult people would just get annoied by them because they are not interrested in in unless the yhave children in that age. Also there wouldnt be as many kids like on the channels for children to watch it.
As we can see there are more reasons agaist special television advertisaments for kids than for allowing it, so it would be a good desicion to not allow it. In my oppinion its also really important to protect the children from content which is not good for them, so the advertisaments shouldnt get allowed.