The question if television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed is very complicated because it may influence what young children think and learn in their early years and this could change them for the rest of their lives.

There is no doubt that it isn´t that good for young children to watch TV because they can get sick or they only want to do this all day long. But in some cases it´s very good and helps to develop the child and but it on a better way for his future. I think that the programm/channel which the children watch is important because if they watch somethign like Spongebob, Firefighter Sam or other series and films from this category it could have a bad influence on them because there is no real content int this type of movies and it is only funny and for any form of education. But on the other hand there are documentarys on BBC or National Geo. about for example wild animals from Afirca, Asia or there are documentarys about the history of all live on the earth and this is a good type of Tv-program for the childs because they learn something about the earth and the history and may can think by themselves about the earth and maybe they start early to think about how to deal with todays world problems like clima change or bad enviormental behaviour so they can maybe influence it better. 
But as a counter to this argument you can say that most of the children are to young to understand it right and the only important thing for them is to watch TV but personally I don´t think so because many young children are very smart and some of them can  think about complex task like adults. So I have no sided opinion about this because i think it depends first on the childs which watch TV and also how they use this informations given to them from the documentarys. The next important point are the adults which mostly choose the program for their child because they can direct the development of their child to a better direction by choosing the right program for their child. 

But if I had to choose one side I would say that when you have the right program their is no porblem wiht this question.