In the following text i will comment the statement that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.                                     
First I give you some points to disagree with this statement. Most of the children aged two to five will watch tv everyday so it does not matter if they are watching advertising made for them or not. Furthermore it is even better that they have advertising for them instead of watching some durex advertising or something because that might hurt their brains more than the new Winnie Pooh Bear or something else.
Otherwise it is not really positive to show the children that much television because they should do something outside and not watching tv the whole time. So the children allready watch that much tv that they should not also have some advertising which might addict them to buy something or saying their parents that they need to have this otherwise they will be bored for sure or something like this. So it should not be the aim of the parents to let their children watch tv the whole day and if there is advertising not directed to them they will have not that much interesst to watch tv so they do not watch that much tv automaticly.
To put it in a nutshell i think that there are pretty much opinions for the advertising directed to young children and today it might be usual that young children watch tv not like twenty years ago when everyone want to go out and play football or something and furthermore it is propably not the best idea to connect the advertising to young children because they should not get addicted from tv that fast. They should still have the chance to have a nice growing up without that much tv and playing outside or something, of course the time has changed and without electronic hardware there is no life but in the young ages you do not need this to have fun.









































































































































































































DAB !!! MLG QUCIKSCOPE !!!

















































































































































:)(: / :)(: / :)(: / :)(:




















I bims 1 bored dude, lol.