Advertisement is something we all know as we are confronted with it everywhere. On the streets, on your computer, on your mobile phone and so on. However, with the statement that advertisements is only manipulation can we allow advertisement that is directed towards young children?

If children watch advertisements and they actually like the product that is advertised chances are high that they will keep watching television as they are keen on watching other products being advertised aswell. If they are constantly confronted with something they like they won´t stop watching it causing them to be addicted to television  which is bad for a young child that should grow. It also is really manipulative as children won´t play with friends or study but only watch television and those advertisements. Children will be keen on having the products represented in the advertisement and complain about not having these products if their parents won´t buy them. Of course you can say that parents shouldn´t allow their children who are that young to watch television in general, however children don´t necessarily need to watch television directly to be confronted with advertisements because they could also be confronted with it due to their parents watching them. If they happen to just randomly go to the kitchen and on their way they see their parents watching television in the living room they could see the advertisement causing the same effect as watching it directly. There is also the argument that parents won´t allow their children to be have those products as they won´t buy them. However, children can be very stubborn and always complain until they get what they want. They whole witch cycle where they constantly watch advertisements doesn´t make this any easier because children are then much more confronted with the television. At some point parents just can´t withstand the constant complains causing them to give up and and buying the products which are advertised.

To conclude, television advertising should not be allowed for young children because they are manipulated resulting into them constantly wanting to watch television and complaining to their parents if they dont´t buy them the products. Television advertising should only be directed towards the people who aren´t as manipulative as young children and already know how to resist temptation.