The question if television advertisement for children from the age of two to five should not be allowed seems a bit irelevenat to me because first of no child from the age of two to five should be allowed to watch TV on its own. Furthermore the advertisments usuallay is directing to the parents of those childs and these parents should have the needed competence to decide wether an advertisment is good or bad or even if they would want their children to play with the advertised toy, for example. An argument for the statement is that children of that age are easily influenced by things like advertisments and thus someone should test the advertisments for their safety and if they give some information which are not good for a child at that age. But if the advertisment is good and the children want the advertised product they have to ask their parents anyway and thus it is the problem of the parents because they let their kids watch television insteat of doing something useful like playing outside where they can learn something real and build their own character. There even is a book in which the author describes dangerous things children should be allowed to do to learn about certain things like problem solving or they ccan learn about their borders of pain which to seems very important. One example in that book was climbing a tree which teaches the childs important motoric skills. I personally think children of that age should only watch television with their parents and also only watch programms that have no bad effect on their social behavior for example shows like ,,Baurer sucht Frau" which is a german television show. Also in todays society televison gets mor eand more unpopular because of an internetn broadcasting website called YouTube where Advertisment often can not even be recognized as what it is because of so called YouTubers that dont mark their videos as advertisment videos. These Youtubers have a much bigger impact on young children and thus should have harder guidelines. So my answer to the question if television advertisment should be forbidden for young children is that it should have hard guidelines but in the end it is the parents fault if something influenced their children in the wrong way. Also i dont watch TV so i dont know how the todyas situation with advertisments is.