In the TV there is advertising areound every 15 to 30 minutes. The advertisment is about everyathing, elektronics, food, sport, and so much more. But there is even advertisment for thing for children, where they directly speek to the children to give them the feeling that they need it. Should this be allowed? to manipulate children in this way?

One the one hand one could say, why not? It is just advertisment and if the parents do not want the chiildren to see it, they could just stop the child the watch TV. The parents are, in the last consequence, the person how have the responcibility for their children, so the producer of this advertisment could argue in this way. The parenrts can decide about what to watch and what not.
But one the other hand it is not so easy, even if the parents try to watch advertisment there is so much advertisment that it is just not realistic to think that the child would not see any advertisment. And iff this advertisment is directed to children and their wishes in can manipulate the children in a very good way, because in an age of two to five children are not able to think about what they see in such a differentiaded way than an adult.
So they are easier to manipulate, what has the consequence that they whenever the see an advertisment directed toward young children they willget the feeling to want it too.
Now one could argue that there are even channels espacially for young children, where is no advertisment, like KIKA. What leeks us to the question where the young children should see this advertisment, what is directed for them.

All in all I think that it is diffocult to forbid advertisment directed toward young children, but I think that if children see this it can have negative consequences. Nevertheless I ask myself where the cildren should see this advertisment, because if they watch TV which is made for their age, on channels like KIKA, than there is no advertisment. Consequently they coan just see it when they watch "normal" TV, but when it is like this there is the question what has worse consequences, the advertisment or the televsion they watch on this channels, which is normally for higher aged personens. So I come to the conclusion, that I just think that television advertisment for young children is not good, but the people how watch TV on channels for adults have other problems.  