Should televison advertising be allowed for young children? 
First of all we have to speak about the different types of advertises and that i am talking just from TV channels for children. There are three categories i would say.
The first one is the type of advertises, that shows "trailers" of new series or when a specific show comes in TV. This type of advertise is in my opinion okay for children, because they can see which show comes when and is thought for information. The children can see which show they want to see and which not, but in special the parents can see wich show is good for their children. 
The second type of advertises is the one that shows new toys and games for the children, its the "typical" advertise. In this adds the children get manipulated so they want to have this one new toy. The problem is that there are infinite new Toys wich means infinite new advertises. The children get manipulated by loud voices that say how good this toy is, blinking lights that gets them focused on the add and in the advertise are other children that seem happy and look "cool" with that toy. This type of Advertises should not be allowed for children because they can`t realize that they get manipulated, they are just too young for that. 
The third type of advertises on TV channels for children is the one that advertises for websites or apps. The websites are filled with a lot of simple videogames "for children" that aren´t good for them and can make them addicted. The apps that are shown in the TV are often so called "pay-to-win" games, where you can pay real money to get bonuses or other things. It is often very expensive and when the parents logged in their children with their accounts, the children can accidently pay a lot of money from the parents without even knowing that. This is a terrible type of advertise and is just existing to get money from people that do not even know what they are doing.
 
To summarize my text, i would say that in my opinion advertises are bad for young children, they get manipulated without even knowing it. So if someone can decide for children to not look advertises in TV then it is on the parents. They have to be informed what theyr children are watching and decide what is good for them and what is not. 