Growing up in the times that we live in, it's not unusual to watch television by a very young age. That's also the logical reason, why producers initially created some series only aiming at very young viewership. But unluckily, there's more to watching TV than just having fun or even learning from of the series small children watch. They are already, and I mean at a very young age, forced to see advertisement, whilst the small breaks that the TV producers need, to get back the money that they initially burnt making the series. In this essay, I want to argue wheter or not advertisements should be sent on channels, which directly point at a very specific viewership of very young people.

The first aspect, already mentioned in the introduction above is that the producers of certain or rather all TV shows for children have to get back their money in the end. The movies, films, series etc. that they show to the children, weren't made for free, so it is necessary for them to even produce content for the children. However, it would make no sense for them to show them advertisements which are produced for adults, because it would not make any economic sense, to let children watch advertisements, the producer of the advertisement can't profit of / the children aren't interested buying in.

The second aspect is the psycological side to this whole question. Despite of producers having to make money, the series for children should be made for education, learning or even entertainment purposes. At the age of two to five years, many children are very unconscious of what they are watching. It should  not be allowed for TV channels, to show advertisement which is directed to such young children, because they don't usually have the awareness of what advertisement does to them yet. By showing advertisements, they influence small children which mostly don't have their own opinion and, because of that, are very influencable. Taking influence on them that they are unaware of should not be aloud because it's taking a huge impact on a childs thinking without the child even realising it. 

Having watched TV for a few years now, I can come to the conclusion that there should not be advertisements directed toward young children. For me, it's rather the ethical aspect and the psycological influences that let me come to the conclusion that they should not be allowed. It's just not right to influence a child of this age, not being able to make their own opinion yet and unaware of what the advertisement tries to do to the child. So in the end: Money isn't every