It is discussed a lot about the new technology and what's good about it and what are the negative things about it. I think it's very important to think about those questions, because may be they can change our future and the future of the next generations a lot. The new technology is very useful and we don't know what we would do without it. But in my opinion we shouldn't use the electronic devices too much in our daily life. Especially for young children in the age of two to five it could be dangerous for their health. We don't know it yet, because this new generation has to get older first. The best for those young children is to go and play outside and enjoy their childhood. If they are the whole day in front of the television they have never lived their childhood by playing with other kids in their age. A reason for this change could be, that people work more. In a lot of households the mother works too and doesn't have time for her children or she is just stressed about the work and doesn't want to play with the children. That's why more and more children just sit in front of the television the whole day. I think this is not a good developement, but we can't change it and we have to accept, that the world is changing every day. May be television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed, but we can't make a law out of it. Nobody could control them if they do it correct or not. It's everyones one desicion how to raise their children. The only thing we can do is to memorize the parents what would be the best way to raise their children, but we can never say that there is only one correct way to raise their children and we have to accept that.
In the end we can't make a law out of this statement, because it's everyones own desicion how to raise the children. We have to accept both opinons, because we don't know what is going to happen the next years. May be a child who always watched TV in the childhood doesn't have a good social life. But it could also be, that a child who never watched TV in his/her childhood is going to have problems in school or his job because they don't know how it works. 