The main difference between the presentation and the text would be, that in the text they are very sceptical towards the memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt where as in the presentation they support his statements. For Example in the text they arguee that if the Chevalier was very wealthy while living in Switzerland, then why would he have needed to borrow money from a merchant? Well in the presentation they give a good reason for that. The Chevalier was wealthy but his wealth wasn't in form of money. His wealth came from land etc. things he had to sell first. So when he needed money he culdn't just go to a bank and get his savings he had to sell some of his property first. Since that could take some days he had to borrow money which he needed. Which he could pay back as soon as he sold his property. Another point that get's critized is that in his memoir he wrote about his meetings with the famous writer and philosopher Voltaire. In the article they arguee that's it's impossible to remeber conversations of this length. However in the presentation it is mentioned that everyday after those conversations the Chevalier went home and took as exact notes as possible for all the conversations he had had with Voltaire. So when writting his memoir he was able to consult those notes when writting about his meetings with Voltaire. The last point article critizes is that when the Chevaier was held prisoner in Venice he claims to have escaped through a hole in the ceiling of his cell which he supposedly made with a piece of metal. The article suggests that since he had some powerfull friends in Venice he was able to bribbe his way to freedom. However in the presentation we earn that in the same prison there were other prisoners with even better connected and more powerfull friends and none of them were ever able to bribe themselfs out of prison. What makes the story of the Chevalier even more beliveable, is that in an old report of this prison it is writen that they had to repair the ceiling of the very cell he was kept in. Why would they have to repair the ceiling of this cell if he hadn't escapd through there? 