"No memoir can possibly be correct", said the women in the lecture, but she added that the Chevalier's memoir was very accurate indeed. The text refers to three things in his memoir which it claims not to be correct or accurate: Money, the conversations, and his prison escape.

Firstly, the text states that the Chevalier was very wealthy and that he is known to have spent a lot of money on parties and gamling, but that he had also borrowed big amounts of money from a Swiss merchant and thus argues that he actually could not have been very rich. The woman in the lecture says that the borrowing of money doesn't mean that he was poor, which the text doesn't explicitly say. She further states that because it took a while until he got his money, he ran out of it and had to borrow some. But the text says "considerable sums of money." You wouldn't need that much money just to get by a few days.
The text further accuses the Chevalier of writing down false or inaccurate conversations with Voltaire because he wrote them down a few years after these conversations happened and nobody could possibly remember exact phrases from long, difficult conversations which also were held very regularly. The lecturer says that there were confirmations that every time after he conversed with Voltaire, he wrote it down and kept his notes for several years and used them to write his memoir.
About the last point mentioned, the prison escape, the text says that he probably didn't escape "by using a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling and climbing through the roof", but he bribed his way out of the prison. The lecturer claims that there were other, even wealthier prisoners that couldn't bribe the jailers and that there were confirmations that, shortly after the Chevalier had escaped, the ceiling of his cell had to be repaired so it is possible that he had escaped through it.

Wether you believe him in these three stories or not, his life clearly was impressive and his memoir surely is a historically valuable source about European society in the eighteenth century. Many of his stories are confirmed, and the ones that aren't maybe happened a little differently, but who wouldn't want to make their life seem more interesting?