While many historians agree that the memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt is a very accurate historial source, there are, like all things in life, people who disagree. In the text given, critics has mentioned three passages of his memoir that seems unlikely, nay, invented. However, as usual, these people did not research properly, and acted out of their gut.

The fact that he has borrowed money from swiss merchants does not prove that he was poor. It is well documented that Ch. owned a lot of assets, that had to be liquified before him being able to spend them. If his spendings has exceeded the amount of money he could gain by selling his assets, he had to borrow money.

The point critics made about him not being able to remember every single detail of his conversation with Voltaire further proofs the fact that they, infact, did not read the memoire carefuly, since if they did, they would have noticed that Ch. said that he wrote down everything he remembered the night after the discussions. His friends who visited him during the creation of the memoir also confirmed this.

People who say that Ch. bribed his way out of prison simply assumed that the Venetian prisons are corrupt to the core. They did not know however, that many much more powerful people than Ch. were in jail at the same time as Ch., and these people had to do their time. If more powerful people couldn't bribe their way out, why should Ch. be able to? Whats more, Venetian officals had reported that a ceillng repair had to be made after Ch. fled, further proving the fact that Ch. did escape from prison by making a hole in the ceiling.

All in all, I think this text is a textbook example (pun intended) of people argueing for arguments sake. 































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Hi


































































































































































































































































hi