The whole story is about Chevalier de Seingalt.The people discusss if he is lying or not. There are many evidence but you can't tell if they are true or not. I mean all of this happend a long time ago and there isn't somebody who could proof this story. So we have to take a look at all of these and can't just ask somebody.

One point is, that he was actually very wealthy. When he was in Switzerland he spent a great deal of money on parties and stuff like this.But one the opposite it ws told that he wasn't wealthy. He had borrowed a lot of money from other people. But he only did that because he had to wait until his money came. Sort of he was wealthy in this way because he actually had money. 

An other point is his conversation with Voltaire. No one doubts that the CHevalier and Voltaire met and conversed. But they think that he couldn't actually wrote everything down and remember all of this things. According to other people, he had written everything many years later down. Like this he couldn't remember everything. But you can't prof it. You can't go and ask something if it is true. I mean he just could have changed the date and like this everybody believe something different.

An other critic is also his escape from the prison in Venice. He claim that he escaped the Venetian prison by using a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling and climbing trough the roof. But against this he had many well-connected political friends which were bribed the Chevalier's jailers to free him. I mean this sounds more logical than the other story. But there is a but. Accoring to documents the ceiing in which Chevalier was, had to be reapir right after his breakout. Why should they repair this? Somebody broke the ceiling while his escape. And this somebody is chevalier. And an other point is, that while he was in prison, many other persons had much more powerfull friends that he had. So why they couldn't escape if they had more poerfull friends? All of this tings are speaking for that, that he escpaed trough the roof.

So now we heard all of the argumetnts. We don't no exactly if all of them are true, but we can't say that all are false. There are many evidence which speaks for the truth. But we need to know that evidence changes over the years. so it is your choice if you want to believe or not.