In the text about Chevalier de Singalt's memoir the Chevalier is criticized and accused of having faked some parts of the memoir. According to the author, who is rather sceptical of the accuracy of the memoir, Chevalier had distorted and invented many parts of his memoir, to make his life seem more glamourous and exciting than it really was. The text refers to Chevalier's time in Switzerland. In his memoir he reports to have been very rich and to have spent much money on parties and gambling. Contrary to that, it is known that in this time he had borrowed considerable sums of money from a merchant. The text concludes that the Chevalier couldn't have been as wealthy as he claims, if he needed to borrow money.

On the other hand the lady doing the presentation is more sympathetic with Chevalier and believes that the Chevalier was telling the truth. She explains Chevalier's loan from the merchant in a very clear and persuasive way: The Chevalier was indeed rich, but most of his wealth were material things. She explains that whenever he sold something, he had to wait until the got paid. But in the meantime, he needed cash for his expensive lifestyle,therefore it's only logical that he would borrow some.

The text also doubts and criticizes the accuracy of his conversations with the famous writer Voltaire, whom the Chevalier several times. Teh text claims that it is impossible to remember  a conversation in such an excact way, after such a long time. Contrary to that, in the presentation, the lady explains that the Chevalier was known for taking a lot of notes and referring to many of his journals when writing his memoir. The only way the Chevalier could have reported his encounters with Voltaire as precisely, would have been if he referred to the notes when writing his memoir. 

Overall I can say that the text is much more sceptical and doubtful of the historical accuracy of the memoire, whilst the lady can explain exactly why the Chevalier did or could do all the things he claims to have done in the memoir. 