The Chevalier was a very conroversial figure. While people say that his memoirs are an important historical source, there is also a lot of critic. People tend to say that his memoirs are somewhat exagerated, appealing to the readers rather than speaking the truth about what happened. In this essay I will point out three arguments, which speak against the argument from the text.

The first argument stated in the text says that if the Chevalier had been as rich as he said during his time in Switzerland, he should not have needed to borrow money from a merchant. The speaker in the lesson said that the Chevalier was in fact rich, but his money was put into houses and proprieties, which he sold if he needed some money from time to time. Turning these assets into liquidity always took a few days, so the Chevalier sometimes lend money from the Swiss merchant to have some cash.

The second argument in the text is not a critic against an event which was written down, but the accuracy of it. The Chevalier met the famous writer Voltaire, and everyone agrees to that point. Still, the Chavlier's memoirs are so accurate about his conversations with Voltaire that it has to be at least a bit imagination. In the lesson, the speaker said that the Chevalier wrote down every night what he and Voltaire spoke about, and consulted his notes while writing his memoirs. Others also confirmed that he always looked at his notes while writing. 

The third and last arguments talks about the Chevalier's escape from a prison in Venice. In his memoirs, he tells that using a piece of metal, he dug a hole through the ceiling of his cell and escaped from there. Critics claim that he only wrote this escap because it is appealing to the readers, and that in real life he got bribed out from his powerful friends who lived at Venice. Speaking against this argument is that there were other prisoners, who had a lot more influence to the outside world and still could not get out with bribing. Furthermore, an old Vencian document states that the ceiling of the Chevalier's cell had to be repaired after he left the prison. 

Every argument has two sides, and it is often difficult to tell if a memoir is totally accurate, or not just  written to appeal to the readers. Nevertheless, the Chevalier's memoirs are very important to know things about the European Society of the 18th century. 