In the text passage all the statements made seem really unspecific and also a bit unrealistic. One gets the impression that Chevalier was an interessting guy but that his memoir is not exactly what one could call an accurate historic source. But after listening to the lecture my opinion about that sure changed a bit.

The woman in the listening talks about all of the three critical points mentioned in the text. She explains thaat Chevaliers memoirs actually are a reliable historical source because she is able to correct or clear all those little things about the three main points that made them seem unrealistic in the text paragraph.

First of all she states that eventhough Chevalier had to loan lots of money while he was in Switzerland, this was due to the fact that he had one of those jobs where one has to sell stuff first and gets the money a few days later. So in the perion between selling and recieving he had to borrow money. So this doesn't make him a poor person after all.

Secondly she talks about his conversations with the famous Voltaire. In the text it is said that one is unable to remember certain sentenses from a converation that he had years ago, which makes perfect sense but the woman explains that Chevaliers friends at the time confirmed that he used to write down all the things of his conversation that he could remember afterwards. He did that every night and used those journals when he wrote hos memoire years later.

The last point bith text and speaker talk about is heroic escape from the prison in Venice. In the text it is argued that he would not have to escape from prison in such an adventurous way because he had many imoortant politic friends outside of prison. But once again the lecturer is able to proove the text wrong because she states that on one hand there were prisoners who had even more powerful friends than Chevalier had and they were not able tp escape that way, and on the other hand eyewitnesses have states that after Chvaliers escape the celing of his cell had to be repaired.

Maybe we will never know what happened in detail but that Chevalier is an interessting figuer is for sure.