in order to learn more about our history and ancestors it's common knowledge to rely on different sources, from artefacts to writings. But in order to gain reliable information it's important to make sure everything displayed has its rightness and accuracy. One especially informative and controverse source are the memoirs of the Chevalier the Seingalt who lived during the 18th century and got in touch with a lot of famous persons, giving us insight on the facts and circumstances in this time.Unfortunately the memoirs are not as perfect as they seem many people started to doubt the honesty of the Chevalier and accused him of changing stories here and there in order to appeal to more person. They firm their reasoning with various arguments. One thing they mention is that the Chevalier during his time in Switzerland had to borrow loads of money even though he described himself as a wealthy man who likes to spend huge amounts on parties and gambling. On the other hand you could consider borrowing and buying as a simple act of investment which every merchant can refer to and which is not a reason to doubt his credibility.

Another issue mentioned is with the conversation he wrote down between him and the famous philosopher Voltaire. Apparantly he was able to rewrite entire extracts of long discussions many years after they actually happened. But this riddle can be easily solved by taking into consideration that the chevalier was a man who took notes after each and every conversation and therefore had a viable source to rely on at his disposal.

The last accusation is on his heroic escape from a Venetian prison where he should have created a whole in the roof with an iron object and have escaped with ease. Many people tend to doubt this perfect story and accuse the Chevalier of simply bribing his way out with some of his connections to influential people in Venice. But the Chevalier was not the best connected prisoner and they could not find any hints of bribery by any of the prisoners ever. The last and biggest proof for the Chevaliers credibility is the fact that soon after the Chevaliers escape a roof in the prison had to be fixed.

In the end we can't be sure if the Chevalier is a notorious liar or not but we know of the importance his ource has on our view of the 18th century and we can thank him for the valuable insight.