While in the text the writer has doubts about the memoir of Chevalier de Seinglat in the presentation the speaker wants to clear those doubts whith evidence. Therefore you could say that the text writer is kond of pesimistic towards the truth behind the memoir and the speaker is more kind of optimistic. you get two opinions of the same subject. Despite their differences they agree that Chevaliers memoir is a valuable historical source of the European society during the eighteenth century.

While the text argues that Chevalier was not as rich as he claimed as he borowed money from Swiss merchants. They say that this evidence that he was not as rich as he claimed. The speaker explains this happening that Chevalier was indeed was rich and as he gambled a lot he needed new money in the short-term. As selling property took time to change the property in to money he burrowed money to compensate this time lag.

The next problem of the writer is that Chevalier wrote down exact phrases that happened during his conversations with voltair. They argue that he could not remeber those phrases in such an accurancy after so long time. But what they did not consider is that he took notes after his conversations with Voltair and kept those notes and revisited them during the writing of his memoir.

The last problem of the writer is that Chevalier claimed that he escaped the prison as he made a hole in the ceiling and climbed out of it. They believe that the prison only let him free as he had some powerful friends in Venice who bribed the prison. This is not really possible as there were far more powerful people kept during that time. But they did not get out with bribe. And there is evidence that the ceiling of Chevaliers cell had to be repared after his escape.

Comparing the two sources there are certainly explanations for the weak points in the memoir of Chevalier. But if those explanations are really true is another question as it is very difficult to prove thngs that happened in the past.