So the Audiofile, the lecture, agrees with most of the memoirs arguments mainly that the memoir of the Chevalier de Seingalt the contains the accurate Truth, while the text claims the opposite. The text states that the memoir is not a relieable source and that the chevalier invented events to make his life seem more exciting and thrilling than it actually was. 
Firstly the woman speaking in the audiofile, explained that the Chevailier was indeed rich. She said that his wealth was not solely money but goods, that needed to be invested and could not be turned into money at once. That was the reason for the Chevalier to borrow money from a swiss merchant. On the other side the text claimed that the Chevalier needed that money because he was poor.
As a second point: The audiofile doesn't deny the fact that the conversations between Voltaire and the Chevalier were documented in the memoir many years after those conversation actually happened. Nevertheless it does not influence or change the accuracy or credibility of the memoir. Because, from the viewpoint of the audiofile, the Chevalier wrote down every conversation after it in fact happened, and refered to his notes as he wrote down those conversations in his actual memoirs. The text clearly denies the relieability of the conversations in the memoir. 
And last but not least, for the prison break in Venice, the Audiofile arguments that occurance must have happened as it is stated in the memoir. Because, according to the audiofile, there is official and evidential proof written down in the venician governmental files and because other prisonners, who had much more powerful friends, did not manage to escape. The text officially claims that the escape from prison was due to some kind of bribe and only possible trough the help of the chevaliers friend. 
So to sum up everything the text completely disagrees with the audiofile, since it tries to proof the incorrect facts of the memoir, while the audiofile refers to the memoir as a historically (mainly, not completely) correct and accurate source.