This text and audio gives you two different opinions on Chevalier's memoir from two different points of view. After reading the text and listening to the audio that refers to it, you can tell that the audio tries to justify whatever the text said Chevalier did according to his memoir.

The text tells us about how much of an important source about European society in the 18th century this memoir is, but it also makes you think of its actual accuracy, because Chevalier was most likely to invent stuff to make his life appear more exciting, but the audio has different thoughts on this issue. 

The first example would be about his wealthness. The text lets us know that Chevalier actually wasn't as wealthy as everyone thinks because he had to borrow some money from a Swiss merchant. From listening to the audio you know that he actually was rich but he ran out of cash and that's what made him borrow money. He wasn't poor, he was just waiting for his money to arrive.

The second example are the conversations Chevalier had with Voltaire. Apparently he wrote this memoir many years after these conversations took place, which would make it impossible for him to remember every single detail about them, so he must have exaggerated and invented some things to make it more exciting. According to the audio, Chevalier wrote down some notes every night after he had a conversation with Voltaire and consulted them later on when he was writing his memoir.

The last example is his prison escape. He wrote that he had escaped by using a metal to make a hole in the ceiling and climbing through the roof. Critics claim that never happened, instead his jailers were bribed to free him. After listening to the audio, you learn that there were other prisoners who were much more powerful than Chavelier, who still never managed to escape so the bribing issue can't be true. After Chavaliers escape there actually was a hole in the ceiling, which the prison had to repair.

History isn't something you can be 100% sure about, you may never know what exactly happened, so who knows if the text is correct version or if the audio is. 

