The Chevalier de Seingalt lived in the eighteens century and his memoirs are a big source for the research of the European society in the eighteens century. However, there are a lot of critics that say that his memoir is kind of too accurate and that he invented many events and things. But no memoir is really accurate in every detail, and for every aspect the criticers spotted, there is a reasonable explaining. For example, Chevalier wrote about his life and about being wealthy, but in fact he borrowed a lot of money from a Swiss merchant. But there's a reason for it; he spent a lot of money for parties, and if there was a time when he didn't have enough money, he first had to sell his assets to get new money. But selling assets takes its time, so to not suffer from a lack of money in the time it took to sell his assets, he borrowed money from this Swiss merchant. Another things the critics pointed out it that his conversation with Voltaire can't be very accurately, because he met Voltaire a lot of years before he wrote his memoir, and nobody can remember every aspect as good as he wrote them. But in fact, the Chevalier wrote the conversation down the night just after they met, and just kept this notices until he wrote his memoir. There are many people that can asssure that he kept his journals for a very long time. The third aspect that the critics claim is his escape from a notorious prison in Venice. The Chevalier wrote that he used a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling, so he could climb through the roof, but the critics say that he had a lot of friends who had a big influence, so they arranged his freedom for him. But there are sources that show that there were even prisoners with a bigger influence in the politics, or who had friends with a bigger impact, and all of these couldn't escape from the prison. Another aspects that speaks for his escape is that the ceiling had to be repared after he could escape, and if he just got out because of his friends, there would have been no need for the reparation of the ceiling.