The memoir of the Chevalier de Seingalt, which he wrote towards the end of his life, counts as a very important historical source for the 18th century in Europe. Overall it appears to be quite accurate and realiable. However, there are some points in which the accuracy of the memoir is criticized. The first point is, that he claimed to be very rich and spending a lot of money on parties and gambling. Critics say, that it is proven that he borrowed a lot of money but that dooesn't necessarily mean he was poor. In fact the wealth of a Chevalier was measured in the land he owned and if he needed money he first had to sell it, which would usually take a few days. So it could've been that he had to borrow money because his own money didn't arrive yet. The second point is about the conversations the Chevalier had with the writer Voltaire. While it isn't doubted if he even had those conversations it's the credability of those detailed conversations. Critics say, that it is impossible to remember such a detailed conversation for the many years until the Chevalier wrote them down in the memoir. But again, the chevalier said that he wrote everything he could remember down and apparently he kept these notes for a versy long time. And lastly, another point where they doubted the accuracy of his writings was the story about how the Chevalier broke out of a prison in Venice. Chritics say that it is unlikely that he made a hole in the ceiling and got out that way. They believe that because he had a lot of politically well-connected friends they must have bribed him out of prison. But still, there are sources which say that shortly after the Chevalier broke out of the prison, they had to repair the ceiling above his cell. There would have been no need for that, if the prison guards were bribed to free him.Furthermore other prisoners had even better connections who could've offered a bribe but none of them broke out of the prison. In conclusion there are some points where one can doubt the memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt but there is always a good explanation. 