Chevalier de Seingalt is famous for writing a long memoir about his life and adventures living in the 18th century. But wether his memoirs are really accurate isn't known, though there are many opinions about it. There are three scenarios in his memoirs that some deem as proof that he distorted and exagerated his stories, but there are also explanations that can debunk this theory. 
Chevalier wrote about his time in Switzerland, where he allegedly was very wealthy and could afford a lot of partying and gambling. It is proven that while he was visiting he borrowed a quite large amount of money from a swiss merchant. This would conclude that he in fact was not wealthy. Other opinions say that while he did indeed borrow money that doesn't necessarly mean he was not rich. In order for him to have money he had to sell his property. It took quite some time to receive the money so he had to borrow money which he could later pay back.

Controversial is also his detailed description of his conversations with Voltaire. Critics say that those can't be accurate since he wrote his memoirs years after the conversations. But Chevalier said, and people of his surrounding could confirm, that every night after having talked to Voltaire he wrote down their conversation. Therefor it could be possible that the conversations written in his book did take place like depicted.

And at last his famous escape from a venvezian prison. He allgedly made a hole in the ceiling of his cell and escaped by climbing on the roof. Some believe that this story is made up to look more adventureous and interesting and that in reality he got bribed to be free by some of his rich and influential venezian Friends. But there is a report in an old document that after his escape the ceiling of his former cell had to be repaired. Therefor it is possible that it had to be repaired because he made a hole in it.

Wether some of his stories are fiction or truth -  his memoirs are very important in understanding his time period and deemed a reliable historical source.