#1
Both sides say that memoires aren't that accurate but the speaker suggests that Chevalier was an exception and because of his journals and logs his memoire can be used an important document

#2
".. if the Chevalier had really been very rich, he would not have needed to borrow money."

The argument suggests that rich people never borrow money but that's not true. Many rich people don't have money liquid they more likely invested it in stocks or some other assets. That's what Chevalier probably did too and because he was a gambler he lost much money very fast but because of his addiction he still had to continue gambling but making assets liquid isn't that fast so he borrowed money and paid it back afterwards.
Since there is no actual proof it is still questionable.

#3
".. critics complain that the memoir cannot possibly capture these conversations accurately, because it was written many years after the conversations occurred."

It was for sure written many years later but the speaker talks about how Chevalier logged every conversation with Voltair in the night after the talk. It still isn't perfectly accurate but if the people stating how Chevalier wanted to see his logs tell the truth then this could be a good evidence for the conversation log in the memoire being atleast somewhat accurate. Although Chevalier maybe just faked owning such logs so the people around him think that his memoire is real and accurate.

#4
"Critics claim that while such a daring escape makes for enjoyable reading, it is more likely that the Chevalier’s jailers were bribed to free him. They point out that the Chevalier had a number of politically well-connected friends in Venice who could have offered a bribe."

There are documents proving that the cell roof needed a repair after the escape but that could just been a normal repair because since the cell could have been old.

There were for sure people with more powerful connections than Chevalier in jail but they maybe agreed that they've done bad things and accepted their punishment.

