The two sources about the memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt both summarize and explain the three distinct parts of his memoir. However the two sources contradict one another. In the written source Chevalier's memoir is criticised and questioned on how reliable his stories mentioned in his memoir are. In the oral source his memoir is discussed on its truth and exactness. There it's said that his memoir is pretty accurate and a reliable histroical source. Referring to the part about the loans in Switzerland, it's argued that rceiving a laon didn't mean that Chevalier was poor. To get get the money he needed to party and gamble, he had to sell property. Later, he had to wait for the money to arrive, so in that waiting period he needed to borrow some money to gamble and party. However, in the written source the accurcy of the memoir his highly doubted. In this sources Chevailier is portrayed as acutally not being as rich as he had claimed to be, due to the vast sums of money he needed to borrow.
Concerning the second part of the memoir the written source, critics are very skeptical of the corecctness of the converstions between Chevalier and Voltaire. Chevalier wrote down his conversation many years after he had them. Therefore, they couldn't be exact. On the other hand the oral source suggests that after every conversation Chevalier had with Voltaire, he took notes. Then, while writing his memoir he reread his notes, so it's very accurate what he wrote in his memoir. Furthermore, people that lived with Chevalier confirmed that he always kept journals. Concerning the thrid part about escaping a prison from Venice, the two sources vary quite a lot. The written sources says it's was impossible to have escped through the roof and that Chevalier must have had many politically powerful friends to help him out of prison. The oral source opposes to that and says that other prsioners in that prsion had even more powerful friends, so that couldn't have been the reason for his esacpe. Also, records shoe reperation issues from that prison fter he escaped.