In the reading text there are three main points, which should show that the texts of the Chevalier are not a completely reliable source. Howevere in the listening part the women explained why these three points can still be true although some historics do not believe so. In this essay I will summarise the three main points and the answer of the woman who explained why it is still a reliable historic text.

The first point is that the Chevalier had to borrow a lot of money in Switzerland to do parties and gambling. In his text the Chevalier always wrote down how rich he was at that time and how he spent all that money just to have fun. However historics have found out that the Chevalier borrowed alot of money during his time in Switzerland which makes peaople overthink the story of the Chevalier. Why should someone who is rich borrow considerable sums of money from other people? The woman in the listening part explains that the Chevalier was rich but that he had to sell parts of his property first before he could spent that much money. That is the reason why he had to borrow money for a short period of time. 
The second point is that the Chevalier wrote abut his conversations with Voltaire many years after they actaully happend. Historics consider these stories as disorted because after years the memory of a person can have changed alot. The woman in the listening part says that other sources confirmed that the Chevalier wrote down his memory every evening after the converstations with Voltaire. The sources also say that he kept these documents which allowed him many years later to read the conversations again and write down what they were speaking about.
The third and last point is that the Chevalier described how he escaped from the prison in Venice. He wrote that he digged a hole in the ceiling which allowed him to flee but historics rather think that the jailers were bribed by some of the politicians of Venice who were friends with the Chevalier. The woman in the play can also explain this problem with the Chevaliers texts. She said that there were prisoners with even more powerfull friend which never escaped from the prison he how would the Chevalier have escaped with lower-ranked friends? She also said that in the archives of the city there is an report of the repairement of Chevaliers cell. In the report the gouvernement describes that they had to repair the ceiling in one of the cells in the prison, which could possibly be Voltaires cell.

These three answers by the woman show why Voltaire is still a reliable source for historics also if some events may be disorted or invented.