The memoir that was written by Chavalier caused a lot of suspision. It is discussed if really everything he wrote down has happened or if he described some things differently than they actually were just to make his own life seem more exciting.

One of the mentioned examples ist that Chavalier claims that he was wealthy and rich while his stay in Switzerland. There is an evidence which shows that he borrowed money from swiss merchants wich makes it look like he was not rich at all. But just because he borowed money sometimes it does not mean that he was poor. As he spend much money on parties and gambling he surely speng big sums of money. When he spent an amount of money he had to make new money and sell other things which took a certain time. So meanwhile he needed also money and that is the reason why he borrowed it from a merchant. 

The second example that is explained is the one about the conversations between Voltaire and Chavalier. The memoir was written years later and so it is said that the conversations could not be accurate. The time of publishing the memoir and the time of the meetings deos not say anything about the accuracy of the memoires. It is known that Chavalier wrote everything mentioned in the conversation as soon as he came home. So it is surely possible that he was able t write the memoir with his notes. 

$the third one is the one about the escape from a venetian prison. There are critics about this too. It should have been more likely that a jailer were bribed to free him than making a hole in the ceiling. Looking at an another fact we get to know that the ceiling had been repaires after his escape. So why should the ceiling had been repaired if there was no damage?

So the arguments that were mentioned in the text are not really powerful because there is a good explanation for every example. If everything described in the memoir is the truth or if there are invented things to make it seem more interesting, no one will no besides Chavalier.