During his livetime,Chevalier de Seingalt wrote a memoir, telling all about his life and his adventures. According to the author of the text it seems as if this memoir didn't quite match with the truth. The events that the Chevalier tells us about sound very heroic and therefore hard to believe. Facts give in the Audio on the other hand prove that everything or at least most of what the Chevalier tells us is true. 

Starting with the first episode, the Chevalier was in fact a wealthy man. He was known for his huge parties and for speniding a lot of money. The money he borrowed from the Swiss merchant he only needed during times where he sold and asset and waited for his due money to arrive.

Facing the second episode, the informations we get from the audio tell us that it the memories of the Chevalier's conversations between him and the famous writer Voltaire are in fact not as foggy as the text tells us. The Chevalier was said to have written down every detail he remembred from conversations between Voltaire and himself, right after they talked and used these information to write his memoir years later.

The last episode deals with the Chevalier's escape from a prison in Venice. He claims in his memoir that he escaped by using a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling and climbing through the roof. The author of the text thinks that this story is not true. He claims that the Chevalier had a lot of influential Friends who could have easiely helped him to bribe the guards and help him escape. From facts given in the audio on the other hand, we learn that after the Chevalier's escape the ceiling of his prison cell hadto be repaired. According to the audio it would not be necessary for a prison to repair the ceiling if noone put a hole in it.

The facts given in the audio contradict clearly with the concers the author of the text has about the legitimacy of the Chevalier's memoir. Accoring to the facts the heroic life of the Chevalier is in fact a true story not just a lot of empty word like the text claims. 


