In the text it's more against the memoir if the Chavlier, but in the recording they believed those stories. The woman in the recording argumented with the fact that even when the Chevalier borrowed money from a merchant doesn't mean he's poor. He was famous for his expensive parties and the luxury he was enjoying. But also he had to wait for his monthly money. He also had a job where he had to earn something and so he waited for his loan, so when his amount of money ran out he had to wait a few days for his next loan. So why not borrow some money from a Swiss merchant when you can give it back in less than a month?
Another suspicious thing for the text was that the conversations he was having with the famous Voltaire, weren't written down right after the conversation. It seemed like he wrote them years later down. But some diaries and journals were found where you can see that each night he wrote down what they both were talking about.
The last unbelievable thing is, he meant to say and wrote down that he could escape out of the Venetian prison. But the critics said that there were lots of other prisoner, more powerful prisoners with more powerful friends and not even they could escape from the jail. But the weird thing about this story is they way he escaped. He had a piece of metal and made a hole into the ceiling so he could get out and the very strange thing about this is that on that day the prison had a reperation, because of a hole in the ceiling. So as you can see, you can discuss about it. It's a very mysterious thing where you as a non-expert don't know how to act and think about it. For example the situation with the Venetian prison is too unlikable for being a coincidence. Also when you find journals, diaries and notes where he wrote down almost every single word Voltaire and Chevalier were in those papers. And if he didn't write them, who did it then? The explanation with the borrowing money and living and enjoying luxury to the fullest is very logical. But on the other hand, he could've had a lack of money and could've been in debts, and all the conversations he was having with Voltaire and which he wrote down in his notes and diaries and journals, these could be invented too. And maybe the prison thing, everything could be a lie and we wouldn't know about it. We wouldn't be sure if we should believe it or not.