There are a lot of critics, that argue about the memoire of the Chevalier not beeing very accurant. But then again, there are some arguments that make his memoire seeming very correct.
First of all, in the memoire it seems as the Chevalier is showing himself as a rich man living wealthy and having a luxious lifestyle. Then again, he borrowed a lot of money, what rich man normally have no need for. As the Chevalier spend a lot on his money on parties and gambling in Switzerland, he quickly lost the money he had with him. So he had to wait on his money arriving from where it is stored, as the Chevalier wasn't originally from Switzerland. That is the only reason he had to borrow money.
Secondly it is criticised that in his memoire are a lot of conversations recorded between him and the famous writer Voltaire and it would be impossible to capture all those conversation accurately years after they took place. Then again, the Chevalier had some journals, where he would write down impressions of his conversation with Voltaire right after they happened. Later, as he started to write his memoire, he was able to consult these journals to write down words said during the conversations just how they were said originally.
Third and lastly it is criticised, that the Chevalier would have shown his escape from a notorious prison not how it really took place. The Chevalier himself wrote that he escaped by making a hole in the ceiling of his prison cell using a piece of metal and then climbing through the roof. As the Chevalier had a lot of politically well-connected friend in Venice crirics argue that he used them to escape the prison. But, as it is today known, at this time there were a lot of people with more connections in the same prison, who weren't able to escape. Furthermore, right after the Chevaliers escape, the ceiling of the prison was replaced, which leeds to the conclusion of the Chevaliers story beeing true.
In conclusion, a lot of critics don't have facts to rely on their words beeing true.