The first argument in the text claims that Chevalier must have been poor since he loaned money from a Swiss merchant. While that may sound quite convincing, the speaker has an easy explanation for it. She sais that he was indeed wealthy but not in the form of cash but in the form of estate or property for example. So when he ran out of cash he had to sell a few things in order to gain money to continue making parties and to continue gambling. Selling things can take a bit of time of course, forcing the Chevalier to wait up to a couple of days with his parties and so forth. To avoid that he simply borrowed money in the meantime, enabling him to continue his lifestyle while waiting for his own money to arrive!

The text then continues by doubting the accuracy of his conversations with Voltaire by simply saying that it is impossible to remember the exact phrases from a conversation held years before the memoir was written.
The speaker however explains that he had taken notes of all his conversations with Voltaire, consulting them in the process of writing his memoir years later. She even mentions that there were several people from his time confirming these circumstances. The conversations in his memoir may be pretty accurate after all.

Finally, the writer of the text doubts the Chevaliers escape from a prison in Venice, claiming that he probably simply had the guards bribed by one of his powerful political friends there. He also calls the escape through the roof "something enjoyable to read", suggesting that he simply invented it to sound cooler. That being said, the speaker does a great job countering those arguments. She points out that there were people in said prison at the time with even more powerful political friends than he had, they still didn`t get out. Bribing doesn`t seem like an option. Furthermore, she found governement records saying that they indeed had to fix the roof of his cell after he had escaped, supporting his claim to have dug a hole in the roof for his escape.

In conclusion, while the text makes a few rather valid looking points, there are infact very good explanations for all of them, nicley brought up by the speaker. His memoires seem to be mostly