Both, the text and the audio lecture, refer to the life of Chevalier de Seingalt. The mans life was full of great adventures. He also wrote down most of what he had experienced, wich makes him a great source about European society. But because he had experienced so much, there are critics who claim that he had made some of his adventures up. The text is exactly about those critics. It talks about three different adventures and proofs, or tries to proof, them wrong. The audio lecture is also about those three adventures. In contrary to the text, the lecture proofs, or tries to proof, why these are in fact adventures that Chevalier had experienced. The first adventures that is mentioned is about the time he had lived in Switzerland. Chevalier wrote that he was a very wealthy man who had spent a lot of his time gambling and partying. Neither the text nor the lecture deny the gambling and partying part of the story. But there are critics, who claim that he wasn't as wealthy as he said. It is said that he had borowed some money from a Swiss merchant. The text takes this to proof that he was not wealthy. The lecture explains the money borrowing situation with the fact that he was a gambler. This means that he had to wait some days, before he got the money he won, wich means that for some days, he did not have money. The second story is that Chevalier met Voltaire. Chevalier wrote about their encounter many years later. He even wrote down what they talked about. That is what some critics doubt because they claim he can not remeber these detaisl. The lecture says he wrote down their conversation, shortly after they had held it so he was able to use those notes when he worte about their encounter many years later. The last thing was, that Chevalier broke out of prison in Venice. Critics claim that he knew a lot of people there who had probably helped him. The lecture denies this with the fact that there were other people in prison who knew way more people than Chevalier did. And since they were not able to get out, he was not to. Also they had to fix the roof in the cell he was in, shortly after he broke out, wich makes sense if he actually broke out. 