The two pieces of information given to learn more about the memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt, a historical document from the 18th century, differ greatly. The first piece of information, the excerpt about the memoir is very critical as to the accuracy of the memoir. However the recording of the lecture, despite recognizing that the memoir is possibly not completely accuraete, gives an all together more positive recount of the memoir's credibility.
The fist point to be mentioned in the text excerpt is that Chevalier claimed to have been a very wealthy man whilst living in Switzerland, but that he had borrowed money from a merchant. The text claims that this is a sign that his wealth was not really that great or he wouldn't have had to borrow money. The lecture on the other hand points out that as Chevalier's wealth was in property that he owned and selling it to get money took a few days to complete, meaning that in the mean time, borrrowing money was a necessity. The second point made in the text is that the conversations Chevalier recounts with the author Voltaire are far too accurate for being written about so many years later. The lecture on the other hand mentions that Chevalier kept notes of his conversations with Voltaire shortly after their occurance and that this has been confirmed by witnesses who state that he often relied on notes when composing his memoir. The third and final issue that the text points out is that Chevalier's escape from the venetian prison, through a hole he made in the ceiling, is all together quite ridiculous and that it was more likely that he managed to bribe his way out with the help of his well-to-do friends. The lecture counters this issue, explaining that there were prisoners which had far more powerful connections than Chevalier did and that they had not managed to bribe themselves out, so why should Chevalier have been able to do so, the second point they make is that in trustworthy venetian documents, it is recorded that the ceiling, had needed repair afetr his escape. Suggesting that he did indeed make such a miraculous escape as he claims.