The memoires of voltaire are a much discussed topic, due to their possibly immense worth towards hystorical sourcing, but their accuracy has been questioned by a paragraph, mentioning the illogical and sometimes almost impossible claims chevalier at times makes.
For example, Chevalier has claimed or at least was claimed to be a quite wealthy man, this being evident by his constant partying in switzerland. But how come, if he was so rich, that he had to loan money off a swiss merchant? 
This point is contradicted by the presentation however, saying that chevalier did posess immense wealth in belongings, which he had to sell first. During the time it was being sold however, he was in need of cash, this being the reason why he loaned money from the merchant. 
What the text also critizises is his conversation with Voltaire, the world renound philosopher. What it critizises specifically is how accurate Chevalier seemed to be able to recall his conversation with him, even though the memoires were written many years after their encounter. This is again proven by the presentation, which claims that Chevalier apparently took notes of every conversation he had with Voltaire, and that he had consulted these notes later while writing his memoires. 
Another and final point of critizism of the extract is Chevaliers famous escape from his prison cell in Venice. Even though the text does not deny the existence of this historical event, it claims that the alleged escape through the roof of the prison was a mere white lie to make the memoires more enjoyable to read, whereas in actuality Chevaliers more influencial friends merely bribed the guards to free him. In the presentation however the speaker says that this escape was more than possible. Not only were there many others incarcerated who had even more influencual friends, who never managed to free them, but the cieling of Chevaliers cell had to be repaired shortly after he had left the prison, which leads to believe that his memoires were actually true.