The chevalier de Seingalt lived an adventurous life. A life in which he met kings, famous writers and stayed in a prison in Venice for some time make his memoir even more interesting then others and give us a reliable source about life in the higher society of the 18. century. Though his memoirs are not completely accurate, memoirs never are, there are a few controversial parts where the debate realy heats up wether he was an exaggerating storywriter or if he stated the facts and events in the accurate way they occured. 
Frist of all, there's a huge controversy wether he, whilst staying  in switzerland spending a lot of money in gambling and partying, was truly as rich as he likes to describe himself. What raises even more controversies is the fact that he had to borrow money from swiss banks to finance his expenses. Some people say that if he truly was that rich he would never have had to take a loan from a bank. On the other hand he earned his money through selling things,so till his money arrived he had to get money from somewhere to finance his wasteful style of living.
Second of all, he's memories about the encounters he had with Voltaire seem inaccurate to most, just because of the huge amount of time that lies between the event and him writing his memoir. As it was stated by a source earlier, a memoir is never completely accurate, but it's known to us through the memoir, that the chevalier used to take notes and recall everything he remembered from every conversation with voltaire, and it's known from sources of that time that he referred to those notes after so many years. So they're likely to be more accurate then expected.
Last but not least, his famous prison escape in venice leave some room for exaggerations on his parts. He states to have escaped the prison through making a hole in the prison ceiling with a piece of metal, pulling himself out like that. While this is an interesting story for readers, the more likely way he escaped was through the help of some of his powerful friends. However, there were many far more powerful men emprisoned there, and the roof had to be repaired after his escape. So after all, his story might be true, despite the advento