There's a lady who^s sure, all that the Chevalier said was true, and she's not really buying anything the text states.
Mainly, she seems to be convinced that the Chevalier, which is French for night, by the way, did not have to be poor in ordder to take a loan from a Swiss merchant, seeing how it could merely mean that money was not available to him at this time.
Secondly, she does bring forth the irrefutable argument that the Chevalier, which is a French word describing a high-ranked member of the feudal system, did indeed down all his conversations with Voltaire, not to be confused with Volta, who actually contributed something of value to society, immediately after they have taken place.
She then goes on to deliver the final blow which completely and utterly annihilates the entire argumentation of her enemies, surely making them question their sanity and the meaning of life, among other things: There were wealthier and mor influential figures imprisoned in the venetian prison at the time, meaning the Chevalier, which is a noun in one of Latin's many bastard children and also a title commonly bestowed upon those who have served their liege well, was unlikely to escape via bribery. 
Then again, my dear friend, can we ever be sure? Who was right, who was wrong? We only have sources, and those can be coaxed to the liking of those in power. I know, I am not expected to state my own opinion here, that would be counter-productive now, wouldn't it? I mean, I technically already have when I made fun of Voltaire for being French or fun of French for being an absolute abomination of a language, but that is beside the point. I just really enjoy musing about seemingly pointless things, and find myself now in a position where there is not much more to do. Which really makes my wonder: Does free will exist? Am I, in this moment, following my own intentions or am I merely a pawn in the eternal game of chess played by some cruel deity beyond my reckoning? It is rather frustrating, this uncertainty. But it also fills me with determination. And I guess that's at least something, wouldn't you agree, my dear friend? But alas, fate cannot be bested. Or can it? Can we ever be sure? Things are rarely as they seem, my dear friend. If you have read this atrocious spawn of boredom this far, I hereby commend you. You, sir, are a gentleman and a scholar. Long shall you be remembered as the best and most perfect corrector of essays. I-in fact, despite never having met you in person, I can sense some deeper connection between the two of us, one that I am quite eager to explore. Send me a postcard once, will you? My address is...Well, you already know it, now don't you? Fiendish little lad, you! But please do so, it just might help me cope with my crippling loneliness and ensure my continued existence for some more years. Perhaps, who can say?

Carthage needs to be 