Voting is a key part in any democracy. It lets the population take part in important decisions about the country and its leaders. That's why mistakes in the voting process are quite fatal and unrepairable. They must be avoided at all costs.

The text states, that voting in the US is inaccurate and inefficient. Miscounts happen often, which has an effect on the result of the vote. If the mistake is discovered, recounting takes huge amounts of time and money. The obvious solution to this problem would be letting computers count the ballots. They don't make mistakes and save money, eliminating human error from the process. However, computer programmes are written by humans. This can lead to even greater mistakes and even potential re-voting, if there is a glitch in the programming. This is not only extremely expensive, but also takes huge amounts of time. 

Another potential source of mistakes comes from people voting wrongly. If there is a long list of names, all written in a very small font, people with compromised eyesight or in a hurry may tick the wrong box, resulting in a wrong vote. Computerized voting would eliminate this completely due to the touchscreen technology and the ability to zoom in on the text. On the other hand, not everybody has a computer at home and would be qite intimidated by this new technology. They might not know how to use it, and vote wrongly, or even not go vote out of embarassment.

Voting with computers may be to risky, as they can be hacked and the systems aren't used very often. With votes happening once every two years on a national level in the US, and up to twice a year in every state, the programmes would not be used very often. Therefore potential mistakes would only be eradicated quite slowly. On the other hand banking transactions aswell as several other things are already computerized and work with hardly any problems. They are trusted and frequently used.

The positive and negative aspects of voting with computers are both quite important to look at, as the text and speech portray well. Every country can and should decide themselves, how they want to deal with this issue.