While both the text and the speech cover the topic of the U.S. voting system, they each represent different points of view. The talk supports traditional voting, while the text argues that digital voting would be best.

The narrator claims that even though traditional voting may have some problems, a computer-supported voting process wouldn't be any better. One of the main arguments would be that computers are programmed by humans, thus probably won't work flawlessly. This contradicts the text's point that counting the ballots by hand will lead to some amount of miscounted votes during the process. The speaker also mentiones that damage caused be human error in computer programs would lead to a way greater amount of lost or misinterpreted votes.

The writer mentiones that a digital voting process would make the election easier for a wide range of people. The fact that the ballot papers are filled with small letters, thus making voting more difficult those with poor eyesight, supports this point of view. - A computer could make use of adaptive scaling. However, the speaker contradicts these arguments by mentioning that not everone is used to the digital way of life. Poor people may have never used a computer before and would possibly be discouraged from using modern technology, thus avoiding the voting process.

The text states that the recounting of votes in the traditional way may be very time-consuming and expensive. A computer would count the votes once and the result would be correct. On the other hand, the narrator argues that in a case of error, the digital votes would be lost. It would not be possible to count the votes again - or even worse - a loss of digital data would lead to votes being lost forever.

Another point mentioned by the speaker is that with an election cycle of 4 years, the administration would not have a whole lot of time to practise. Everything would have to work flawlessly the first time and testing the system on such a large scale would not be possible beforehand.