There is a group of people that wants to replace the traditional voting system in de USA with a computerized voting system. But of course there are opponants who are against this change. In this text i'm going to set out the arguments for a change and against the change of the voting system.
Critics of the current traditional voting system say, that it is inefficient and inaccurate counting of votes is a major problem. Especially if the vote is closely contested the damage could be huge. As a solution, they want to replace the in their eyes inefficient system with a new trustworthy computerized system. They want to eliminate the problem, that a lot of people with poor eyesight vote for the wrong candidate because they have to put a small mark next to their chosen candidate on a list containing an immense amount of names. With the new system, people only have to touch their chosen candidates name and the voted. 
Opponants don't agree that it is a good solution. It might be better for people with poor eyesight but definitely not for people who can't afford a computer or don't use one on a regular basis. That may maintain the problem of voting for the wrong candidate or worse could discourage from voting. 
Another argument for a computerized system is that the counting within the traditional system relies heavily on on the people who count the votes and if they make a mistake, which are inevitable, a recount has to be done. These can be really expensive and take a long time.
Opponants shut  down this argument saying that computers are in the end programmed by humans so human error still is inevitable. While a human may only forget a few ballots a computer system could loose thousands of votes. Additional to this with computerized voting systems there is no physical evidence of the votes at all. 
Critics of the new system also say that although we rely on other complex computer technologies they had time to improve and the people had time to develope trust in these systems while votings are only held once every two years which isn't a good base for a developement of the voting system.