Both text and lecture treat the problem of the american voting system. According to the text, the voting system that is being used today is prone to errors: As the ballot card bears many tinily written names on it, some voters are having trouble reading them, - either because of poor eyesight or other personal health issues. In addition, the people who count the votes often have to go through thousands of ballot cards a day, so they might easily get tired or just misread one or the other vote - small mitakes with fatal consequenses for any election.
the solution proposed in the text is to use computers to register and count the  votes: Like that, people who have prblems with their eyesight would be able to zoom in on the name they would like to vote for, and simply need to give it a tap on the touchscreen. Counting errors could be easily prevented, and no exhausting recounts would need to take place. In addition to that, people also use computers for other private stuff like bank transactions and communications, so why not use ist vor the elections too?
The lecture shows a completely different point of view: even though it shares the fact that human counters sometimes make mistakes, it also brings in, that computers are being programmed by humans, which doesn't eliminate errors in the technology or the programme. On top of that, not all people are used to dealing with computers on a daily basis. For those, the new voting system would be even more difficult and troubling. The lecture also criticises the aspect of the text, where the latter says, that in bank transaction and communication issues, we all completely rely on technology and computers- so why be sceptic when it comes to digital voting? The argument of the lecture is, that because we use those programmes and features on a daily basis all over the country since many years, those systems had been improved and corrected over and over again, until they workes as steadily as they do now. But as the digital voting would be a completely new thing that is only used about every second years, the improvement would never be as thorough as with ebanking and communications. 
