The lecture states that computerized voting might not be as good of a idea as some think. While critics strongly believe in the technology, it is explained in the lecture that it is doubtfull that the situation will be better. The traditional system requiers to fill in a lagre sheet of paper with many names on them which could be risky for people with poor eyesight who can easly miss the right name. On the other hand the lecture arguments, that not everyone is used to computers and even with the advanced technology, a name can easly be missed on a touchscreen and some might not even vote at all through the none understanding of the computer.
Counting the ballots is a hard, long and expensive job and leaves a lot of space for human error and miscounting, since these people have to deal with thousand of ballos. A computer could easly count all the entrys faster and for the long run,would be less expensive. While critics say this, the lecture states that a technological error is far more damaging than a human one. With human error you run the risk of miscounting a few hundret votes, but a tragic computer error can lead to thousands of votes being tossed or miscounted. When this happens, there is no record of the votes. For critics implementing risky and complicated computer tchnology seems acceptable because of the amount of risky technology we use on a daily basis such as banking transactions. The argument from the other side is, that we use such technology daily and heavy and therefore it is much more present and efficent. Voting only happens every 4 years and so it is extremly hard to implement efficent technology without errors and a trial run. Lastly the lecture says that technology of things such as banking transaction was not always as good as it is now, only because we use it so often and were able to solve the problems which we are not able to, if we use that technology only once in a couple of years. Therefore making computerized voting insufficent and non trust worthy.