The speech I just listened to leads to hate towards todays technology. I suppose they don't like computers as much as my generation does. Giving arguments such as not everyone has a computer and have the knowledge to use one is kind of a sloppy saying which I don't find right to say. See the world today just is all about technology. You can't avoid it because this is the future. Imagine we would always stay at the start of the evolution. Do you really want to live a life in the woods or similar environments? Of course not we need progress. We need technology. We need it all because that's just the way it is. Humans are always in the move of getting to know new things. Humans always want to learn something new. That's just how we are. We can't continue eating raw meat and go hunting like our previous generations way back in time. If there would never be change in life then we wouldn't even exist at all. Dinosaurs would rule the world or let's even go more back in time. There would only be tropical forests with living plants and weird unknown creatures but that would be it. 

I maybe drifted away from the actual question. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that those sayings about the computerized voting system isn't a bad thing. I mean people without those things can easily afford some cents or dollars to sit down in a café or a library that have computers. So no need to be all fussed up about it. And not everyone needs to vote. And I'm not saying poor people need to suffer and have no rights to vote or so. Let's do it thin way: it should have two ways on how to vote. The computerized and the old way to vote. It probably will have a very complex side on this and a very annoying and long progressing way but if people can't decide on stuff then give at least people the opportunity to ways on doing it. 

Now I know this wasn't the task how I fulfilled it but whatevs. Just wanted to give my own opinion instead of comparing both. I find them very similar and they pretty much say the exact same thing, if you look at the content. They both say that computerized voting is not smart to do but come on. Are Americans really that unintelligent or what do you want to tell me with this? If you have no knowledge on how to use technology which are available to use everywhere, then you live under a rock. That's just my opinion from the rich point of view. Man I'm an asshole.