The main subject of this essay will be the differences between a text and a speech about the problems of the american election system.

The text is mostly for the idea of introducing computer based voting. The text states that current voteing methodes are very inefficient and inaccurate and that because of these problems resulting miscounts can heavily damange a closely contested election. The text also states, that many people, especially people with poor eyesight, have problems with finding the name of the person, for which they want to vote, on a sheet with many names. Computers should solve this problems, the text states. These computer are supposed to have many helpful tools for people with problems like poor eyesight. And they are also easy to use. Just touch the name for which you want to vote.
Another problem which the text states, is that every vote has to be counted by hand. This leads to many miscounts because of the huge number of ballots, which computers woulnd't do and if a error is detected, it all has to be recount from the beginning, which also costs a lot of money. 
At the end the text states that it's too risky to implement complicated voting techonlogy, though we use other complex computer technology on a daily basis for the communication of sensitiv information without giving it a second thought.

The speech though is very similar to the text, but tends more to stay with the old system. The woman in the speech says that this idea does make the election a lot easier, but only for people which use comuters on a daily basis. For other people, which can't afford computers or are afraid of techonlogy, this actually makes the situation worse. One wrong click and you voted for Donald Trump again. 
A also important fact is, that these computers are also maybe by humans, which means that these computer can very well have computing errors. Missing a few words while counting by hand is bad, but missing a few thousand votes because of a computing error is much worse. Especially because all of the votes now have been lost (even though thats not the case anymore with "modern computer", but I'll just go with the information in the speech).

And to the fact that we nowdays use many computers for other communication with sensitive information, the woman says that that techology has been used for a long time on a daily basis and has thus evolved to a much higher leven than the computers which would be used for a voting which happens all 4 years.