Cause the present system for voting has had some problems in tthe past with counting votes and voting in general, there's a discussion if a computerized system wouldn't work better. The first argument for a computerized voting system is, that it's easier to vote cause the names on the voting papers in the old system are very small and there are many names on it. So people can mark the wrong name. With a computerized voting, keeping the overview is easier and the names can be as big as needed. The counter argument for this is, that people who are not used to the new technology might make the same mistakes or wouldn't even vote at all cause htey are feared of the technology. Another aspect of the old system is, that counting has to be done by real human and they can make mistakes. A computer system is programmed to not make any mistakes and it's less likely that they do some. But if they are programmed wrongly by a human, the mistakes are likely much bigger compared to the few miscountings in the old system. And who can provide that even if they are confirmed to be programmed correctly, they are really not making mistakes, you can't prove this in fact. There is another problem with computers: They can be hacked. The argument against it is, that e-banking hasn't got any problems with it too and money transfering over the internet is completely save. But those systems have been developed over years and are used quite frequently. Mistakes in the programme have been removed in the past, so that in the present we ain't have them anymore. The system that should simplify the elections are new and have to be introduced in some time. Who can provide that they are working when they need to and if there are mistakes in it, there would be huge problems. And whilst banking system are used every day, the election system would only be used once a year. As long as mistakes are not completely erased from the computerized system, it's not ready to be used in a big election. 
But because there are far more elections in a year than the presidental elections and far smaller ones in the states, the system can be tested in a small scenario many times.    