The text and the lecture discuss the advantages and disadvantages of computerized voting systems in the United States. The text is in favor of computerized voting, wheras the lecture is against computerized voting and promotes traditional voting, i.e. on paper.
Firstly, the text argues that traditional voting is inaccurate because people, especially those with poor eyesight, have a hard time finding their chosen candidate's name on the long list of other names. This could mean they make a cross next to the wrong name, and thus having the names on-screen would be more beneficial as it would provide a better overview. In contrast, the lecturer argues that although computers may be self-explanatory for most people, they prove difficult to use for people who are not used to computers or who do not frequently use them because they cannot afford them.
Furthermore, the text argues that since traditional voting is based on the fact that humans have to count all the ballots, the possibility of making a mistake or losing ballots is much higher, leads to significant inaccuracies. The text claims that computers remove the possibility of human arror and are much more efficient. The lecturer, however, argues that since computers have to be programmed by humans, human error still poses a threat, and an even larger one if it means that computers may not count correctly at all. Additionally, if the data were to be lost, no recount would be possible since there would be no concrete (i.e. paper form) evidence of who voted for whom.
Finally, the text argues that implementing technology should not be something to be weary of, since we rely on it every day when we visit the bank or communicate with other. The lecturer contradicts this statement by arguing that technologies used in banking and communcation are used every day, meaning they have been significantly improved over the years due to their frequent usage, wheras voting technology, used only twice a year, has not. Consequently, voting technolgy cannot be trusted as much as other technologies that we use every day.