If it is better to hang on to the traditional voting system or if we should set up a computer based system is widely discussed. While the textpassage clearly supports the change to the digitalized system, the audio outlines the points why it would be better to hang on to the traditional system.
One argument mentioned is that if people have to vote by hand on a piece of paper it doesn't take a lot for them to by accident vote for the candidate listed above or below their favorite. While the text critizes this point the audio opposes that also with computer systems there will be mistakes. The audio doubts that computers are better since they were all programmed by humans and as the text states humans often make mistakes.
Furthermore the audio brings up the point that not everyone is used to using technology and that some people would stop voting if they were forced to use a system they have trouble to understand.
As mentioned above also computers may make mistakes. If you try to understand this point with the example of the counting of the votes it gets visual that the few mistakes that may occur if humans count the votes by hand don't outweigh the problems caused if a computer is programmed wrongly.
Another point the text passage uses to make up the readers mind about a computer based voting system is that technology is reliable as we see it every day in almost every business. The audio agrees that these technologies work fine but only because they are used daily and because keep being updated and improved. A voting system would be used too rarely for it to become a system that works well enough to make up for the few mistakes made when relying on the traditional system.
In conclusion the text passage and the audio disagree on most points concerning the voting systems. These differences in opinion highlight the importance of outlining the positive and negative points of the traditional and also of the computer based system to be able to make up ones mind what one sees as the better option.