It is evident, that there is no mutual ground and both parties have different opinions. The lecturer states points, that are heavily ignored in the passage. While in the text passage, the traditional voting system is being criticized for not being accurate, efficient or trustworthy enough, in the lecture another point of view is made. According to the passage, it is a probable outcome, that either there is a miscount or the people accidentally vote for the wrong candidate, because usually these large sheets of paper are filled with plenty of names and simply just a small space to put a mark next to the name. Poor eyesight could lead to this type of mistakes. Another major problem is relying on the people that have to count the votes one by one, with about a thousands of ballots. It almost seems like it is inevitable to avoid a miscount. A trustworthy computerized voting system with an easy-to-use touch-screen technology could be the solution: Easier viewing for the people voting and removing the possibility of human error while counting the votes, now done quickly and automatically by computes, are two methods to achieve a great-functioning voting system. But in the lecture there were a lot of counter-arguments mentioned. First, the lecturer is doubtful that computers will make it easier. Peope, who don't use the computer frequently and don't have a lot of experience with it, are often challenged and discouraged by the idea to even cast off a vote. It is their fear of technology, that doesn't allow them this oppurtinity. At the end, they will have no say whatsoever. And there's more: Who is to say that human error won't show up in computer programs? If it were the case, human error would have a far bigger impact. Recountings would be impossible. And just because the systems used in banking and communication are flawless, that doesn't mean, it would be the case for computerized voting systems. Computerized banking and communication systems are used daily, and they weren't reliable when first introduced, but had to be improved. 