"In traditional voting, one major source of inaccuracy is that people accidentally vote for the wrong candidate. Voters usually have to find the name of their candidate on a large sheet of paper containing many names—the ballot—and make a small mark next to that name. People with poor eyesight can easily mark the wrong name. The computerized voting machines have an easy-to-use touch-screen technology: to cast a vote, a voter needs only to touch the candidate’s name on the screen to record a vote for that candidate; voters can even have the computer magnify the name for easier viewing."
In the presentation she said, that not everyone can afford a computer, so they cant vote with this computerized system. And its difficult for a lot of people to understand how it works, because a lot of them can't use a computer.For example the older generation, who didn't grow up with a computer.

"Another major problem with old voting systems is that they rely heavily on people to count the votes. Officials must often count up the votes one by one, going through every ballot and recording the vote. Since they have to deal with thousands of ballots, it is almost inevitable that they will make mistakes. If an error is detected, a long and expensive recount has to take place. In contrast, computerized systems remove the possibility of human error, since all the vote counting is done quickly and automatically by the computers." An argument against this is, that this system is programmed by humans, so its possible that it will make a fault too. And that would be bad, because thousands of notes would be misscounted and an recount isn't possible, because the counts aren't physically. So it's better when they are counted by humans. It doesn't matter how long it takes.

"Finally some people say it is too risky to implement complicated voting technology nationwide. But without giving it a thought, governments and individuals alike trust other complex computer technology every day to be perfectly accurate in banking transactions as well as in the communication of highly sensitive information." The last point is, that the election is only one time each year, so its difficult for a lot of people to believe in this computerized system.