Through the window I see that my neighbour child is a lot of the time in front of the televion. I questioned myself is this good for this young child to watch so much televison. This essay will show the pros and cons about letting young children watching television. ( I am sorry for not writing about the actuall theme)

Firstawfull a swiss study in Bern claimed that, in these days a lot of young children aged 5-8 are watching too much televison. The light and the switching between one picture to another is bad for the evolving of the brain. The brain has to work so much and process alll these things that after watching television, children feel more hyperaktiv and aggressive.

On the other hand there are people with the opinion that there are many films or documentary which can educated there children. They claim that young children can learn better with pictures and videos for example about the unversium or about the nauter. Pictures or videos stay better in mind then just a text. And as well some of physical or economical or school stuff in a video can be explained much more better or made more interesting for young children.

The crician agree full with that but their opinion is that in the televion that there are so much soaps and other stuff which should be shown to 5 year old children. Soaps where the world is made absolutely unrealistic and films with a lot of violent and also pornography. They also require that a lot of partens actually do not know what the children are actually watching when they are coming home form school. They do not supervise them.

Some people require that today it is importaned for young children that they watch telvesion that they discover as well medias and mabey relazie by themself what is actuall true or what is absolutely not realistic. As well if parents do not allow the children to watch televison and all of the other school friends are allowed the children are excluded.

In my opinion in every stateman there is a little bit of truth in it. I totally agree that letting watching young children so much televsion is not really healthy but I think it is aobut the quantity. There is a lot of really good documentary for young children to learn things about the world but there has to be a supervision of the parents otherwise the youn children may accidentally watch something which is not aged for them. As well I think it is important that young children discover diffent media to learn bythemself how to deal with them. So in my view it is everything about the quantity
.
( I discovered I read the sentence wrong) -.- it is about advertising televsion .... I just had 10 mins left so I just wrote my essay finish I am sorry I am really soory I did not have enough time to rewrite everything so I just left it.

