The statement is about the topic "Teachers". In the following text I describe arguments for an contra the topic.
Firt I beginn with the arguments for the statement. 
It is important that the teacher has a good contact to the students, because than the learning is easier as the class is correct with the teacher. The atmosphere in the whole class is better and maybe also happy. So there aren't any differents in the room what can destroy the atmosphere and learning. 
The knowledge is also important but when the atmosphere isn't good, it is difficult to show the knowledge of the subject. The students couldn't hear what the teacher say, because they don't want to understand or to spend their time with this subject. The teacher isn't happy with the situtaion and doens't know what he can do. 
A good atmosphere in the class could be better for learning and understanding but also better for the teacher who have to show his in the past learned knwoledge. 
Now I write down the contra arguments. 
It isn't impotant that the teacher is well with the students because he have to show is knowledge and not how he is with students. It's clear that the atmosphere have to be good but the teacher and the students musn't be friends or anything like that. More important is that the students learn for their life and for their future with the job what they want to do later. So it is important that the lessons has  a learning atmosphere and to see that the students want to learn and not that they must learn. 
The ability is importanter than the knowledge of a students is difficult to say but it could be so. 
In my opinion I can understand both sides because the teacher has to bring a  good atmosphere in the class. But it is also difficult to say that his impotanter than the knowledge. 
So it's difficult to be for one side. For me it's important that I am well with  the teacher but it isn't the most important thing in school because the teacher have to help me that I learn for my later future with an good job. So it's one aspect that the atmosphere is good. 
The knowledge is importanter for my learning because when the teacher doens't know what I mean in my questions it is difficult the same way. 
Also when he doens't know all of the subject for example the half of the subject it is for him difficult to take it for me in a right way and for me to understand the whole subject. The half of a subject can't help me for big tests or in my job. 

