In the following I will tell you about my agree- and disagreement of the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."

There are some reasons why I agree with the statement. One of them is the fact, that it's more fun to learn when the teacher is well connected to the students. Sometimes the students are kind of scared of a teacher already because he thinks he is superior and gives them a bad feeling about themselves when they make mistakes. They are afraid of it and so they don't want to present the outcome of their work. But when there's a teacher who accepts mistakes, more students will participate. There are also teachers who can make your favorite subject become your least favorite, just because of their behavior. But you can also have it the other way around. A positive teacher who is close to the students can make school so much better. And even though the teacher doesn't know everything, they still learn.

But there's already the problem. The students might learn a few things, but it not necessarily the correct and complete thing. If the teacher doesn't know what he is talking about, how are the students supposed to? They won't be prepared for tests like the Abitur, the tests you have to take in order to graduate in Germany. Subjects like German are the same in the whole country, and students with other teachers will be prepared for this. If teacher A, the one who doesn't know everything completely, doesn't teach his class every topic, but teacher B, who has an excellent knowledge, does, it might not be a problem at the moment. The topic won't show up in the next test of teacher A's class, but later on in the future it can come up at some point. And that's the moment when the class of teacher B will have a huge advantage.

I neither disagree nor agree with this statement. In my opinion it should be a mix out of both sides, a teacher who has an excellent knowledge about his subject but he is still able to relate well with the students. A problem nowadays is the pressure that everyone is giving to the students, the society, maybe the family and definitely the school. Some teachers don't think about the students when think about their expectations. I, and I think a lot more people, would be more willing to go to school if it's not just a place of pressure and competition among students. Teachers can make a difference, and I already experienced, that it's possible to have a teacher who connects both things.