In my opinion the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught, depends in it's correctness. It's important to know how the word "excellent" is meant here. Excellent could describe that the knowledge of an english teacher about the english language and/or the subject being thaught is as good or maybe even better than a native speaker's. Or just english skills and knowledge good enough to be called "excellent" from a germans point of view. If my first point is correct, being as good as or better than a native speaker, then the ability to relate with students is, of course, important, but the ability to teach the subject is slightly more important. What is the good memory of a nice english teacher everyone related well to, against the knowledge you could use in your later life? If the teacher is really good with it's subject, he should teach it, not with an iron fist, but with his or her focus on the teaching aspect. 
If my second point from above should be true, and the knowledge about a subject may be just called "excellent", then an ability to relate with students could help the teacher's lessons with it's smooth tone and maybe gain interest in the students regarding the subject because they don't connect the subject with pure boringness and/or a too focused teacher. 
If the factors "excellent knowledge" and "the teacher's ability to relate well with students" are even, then someone could call it a win-win situation. 
But, back to the subject, I personally think that an english teacher does'nt even need excellent knowledge in every subject. Of course, he should have good knowledge about what he or she is talking but if the teacher relates well with students, they may gain interest in the subject anyway. Maybe the teacher can tell stories of his own life regarding the subject, talking with the students about it and, through that, build up a connection to them, so the students relate to the teacher and start to like when the teacher talks about a particular or several subjects. So they listen and maybe try to earn some knowledge by themselfes, what makes the excellent knowledge of a teacher about an subject not important anyway. 
My conclusion is, that both is important. Whether do I agree with the statement nor do I disagree with it. It depends on both, teacher and students, what is more important.
