You often hear that students talk bad about their teachers and want them to go to hell or something like that. At some point the students are right because some teacher really don´t know what they are talking about so that the stundends can´t unterstand anything they want to teach. And if there is a teacher who is totally cool and the students have very much fun with him then it is okay if he has not an excellent knownledge of his subject. Students at my age don´tgo to school because they like it they go to school because their parents want them to or because they want to have the quality for a good job or to go tro a well known university. Almost no one is motivated to learn all day so we think it is nice if there is a teacgher who doesn´t talk about his subject all the time. But we would not like a teacher who is absolutley borring and doesn´t tell about our topic but about his life for example. it´s important taht it is something between these things. A teacher needs to have the best knownledge of his subject he is able to have but he also needs to be cool and nice so thant the students like to learn with him because it is fun and they know he is competent. 
At my old school there was a very nice teacher he was funny and very nice to us. He took chocolate to school to give it to us and did almost always what we wanted him to do with us. But the problem was that we didn´t learn anything.
Then there was this teacher who absolutley knew what he was talking about but no student knew because he only tought very difficult things in a way no student liked and no student wanted to learn. He was the teacher everyone was afraid of an the one that wasn´t liked by anyone.
But i don´t want to tell only bad examples. My further english teacher is the best. He was strict but funny. we respected him but we were allowed to make jokes about him too. He really knew who has the feeling of the language and who just studied. his marks were alsways fair and he supported his students in every way he was able to. He is the best example for a good teacher. Best knownledge of his subjects and his students and their problems and also a very nice and fair guy you can have a lot of fun whith in school, if you respect him.