The question which abillities a teacher has to have to be a good one is an often discussed questions. Some say its important to know the subject your teaching by heart, others say its more important to be liked by the students and go anlong well with them. To answer this question its necessaire to take a closer look at what a teacher is supposed to do. His work is to make students understand and pass the tests. So it seems like both abillties have their importance. I personally think relating well with students is more important. First of all we all may know from own experience you don´t trust the one who knows the most, but you trust the one who you like best and the one who is confident. Knowing something is less helpful when you aren´t able to make others listen to you, so they won´t understand the subject no matter how much knowledge you  have. And getting along well with students will make it easier for you to understand them, so you will be able to know what they understand and can teach it better. Some may think a teachers work isn´t to be friends with his students, it´s enough to make them pass and graduate and so he needs to have excellent knowledge, but in my opinion a teacher shouldn´t only be able to make the students understand the subject he is teaching. He should make them understand everything around them, which is only possible if you can make them hink and use their minds on their own. Many people blame the schools for teaching their children things they won´t need afterwards and students often don´t feel prepared for life, even if that is what they most want to. So a good teacher will understand their needs and even if he cannot teach everything he can make the students having fun while learning so they will explore things on their own. An important thing many forget is to never stop learning, but because of the strict subjects at school you have to learn, when you absolutely believe they´re unimportant, you will lose your will to learn, when there is so much to explore today.
To make a conclusion I´d say the most important trait of a good teacher is to make his studenst are having fun while learning because if he doesn´t know every detail of his subject, the students may want to find it out on their own because the teacher was able to make the subject interesting, which is only possible if he can relate well with them.