As a teacher you need to have a degree in certain subjects and must be qualified for the teaching job you are aplying for. But ist this all you need to be an influnce on young gorowing children who need to gain knowledge but also grown as a character?

On one hand, you need be able to know about your subject in detail to give the right information and to answer the students qustions correctly and complexly.
It is important to be a role model and show how important basic skills and detailed knowledge is. Students at a certain age will only take you seriously, if you can help them and also kind of impress them by sharing your skills.
On the other hand, the named aspects will only be fullfilled, if a teacher can relate well with his students. Being open and helpful as well as confident and independant is just as important in order to be a role model. The young children and teenager are more likely to look up to you if they can identify with you. 

I once had a teacher who was very well informed about her subjects and I am sure she could have shown us her skills even more. But the problem with her was, that she had a problems with some types of students in class. If you were a student who was perfectly prepared for the lessons and who never questioned the teacher and her way of teaching, you could have gotten along with her but you wouldn't even have grown in your character.
But as soon as there were students who had problems in the subjects or even some who absolutely disliked it, there was a big problem. These people couldn't talk to her properly and were given very unfair marks. They didn't even felt like they were seen as human beings in her class.

On the other side we got a new teacher in that subject the next year and she was almost the absolute opposite of her. She was well informed as well and could offer a lot of knowledge, but she combined it with humor and understanding. Questions were answered friendly, marks were not only given but discussed on a friendly level and the whole class felt understood. 

As you can see there is a big difference between knowledge only and the ability to relate well with the students. 
Teaching is not about giving information and homework but about inspiring and helping.

In my opinion these two aspects, being able to connect with your students and being well informed, only get along with each other if the result should be a teacher who the new generation indentifies with and who helpes them becoming independant, innovative and and intellegant human beings who will change society and our planet.