I agree with this statement because of different reasons. First of all it is needed to say that every student is different is his manner, personality and his will to work. So this is a difiiculty with which the teachers have to deal. Also every student learns different and can understand the tasks and the explainigs of the teacher better or not as good as others. But the task of a teacher is to get every student to understand the topic and what they have to learn. He has to get every student to the same level of understanding. This is not easy and not always possible. Sure the teacher has to know the subject he is teaching. Only like that he can make the students learn something. Otherwise he wouldn't be able to do good lessons or getting great results in tests because the students wouldn't know anything about the topic. But he also needs to know his students and what their strengths and weaknesses are. He needs information about every student to know how he can amke them understand the topic. So for him it is very important to relate well with students. Because when the teacher everything about his subject but can't relate to his students, can't support them learning the stuff and can't give everyone the opportunity to learn what he wants them to learn then maybe some of the students know everything about the topic, or almost everything, others would know about half of the topic but others wouldn't understand anything. But this doesn't apply always to every class. There can also be classes where everyone learns different but they all can understand the topic and they all reach the same level of knowledge and they get further in the topic and know more than other classes. But isn't always like that. And if a teacher has a good relation to his students and knows where the strengths and weaknesses of his students are, he can create his lessons that everyone gets what he wants them to know and that he can help every single student whenever they have a problem. When a teacher can reach that point of a relation to his students it isn't needed to know everything excellently about his subject. He may not reach the same point of knowledge and wouldn't be as fast with the topic as a teacher who has excellent knowledge of his topic, but he would have every sinngle student on nearly the same level of knowledge and the results of tests should be overall quiet good and no very bad grades would emerge for some students. There may not be so many very good grades as in a class with a teacher with excellent knowledge of the subject but at least there won't be as amny students with very bad grades.
So it is important to find a good mixture of these two types of teachers so that he can handle most of the classes and has no problem when one class needs more help and support but the next class doesn't.