What is more important? The knowlege of teachers or the ability to relate well with students? 

On the one hand there is the excellent knowledge of a teacher. This could be very important because if he doesn't know the complete information of his stuff, he cannot teach this. So it is very difficult to understand the teacher because he cannot explain everything. 
Another aspect is that the teacher is a kind of rolemodel. If she or he doesn't know something, a student would argued that if the teacher doesn't know it, the pupil doesn't have to know it, too. One example is my chemistry teacher in 9th grade. She always says that she has to look it up in a book or has to ask one of the other teachers. Some students starts to lough at her because she says that very often. In addition to that the most students weren't consentrated anymore and starts playing a game on the smartphone, also it was forbidden. 
Another positive example is my physics teacher. She always answer every question if you ask her. You can see that she really like her job and you can -as I already said- ask her also after the lesson. 

But on the other hand there is the good handling of students which is very important, too. In my view this aspect has to be completed by the way the teacher teaches and plans his lessons. If a teacher doesn't think about what he or she would teach tomorrow the lessons haven't a good structure. And if a lesson hasn't a good structure it isn't that easy to learn the stuff and follow the teacher. Creative lessons are always a good thing because you don't sit there, listen to the teacher and write something down which the teachers has written on the board. But some teachers do that too often. If you haven't "normal" lessons, you cannot write down so much and so you cannot learn that well for e.g. classtests. And after some time these lessons aren't special anymore. 
They also have to know what to do if students don't what the teachers says to him/her or how to handle with students in 5th or 6th grade, because at this age they are very loud and don't listen to the teacher.

So all in all I would say that is okay if teacher don't now the whole job but if they are well prepared they can learn the stuff they don't know, before the lesson. A good handling with students is more important because teachers have to know who to react if students e.g. do something forbidden or talk also another student says something. 
 