Is it more important for teachers to have an excellent knowledge of his/her subject or to relate well with his/her students?
This question will be discussed in the following essay.

First I think it's very important for the teacher having a great knowledge because it has to given that the teacher is able to answer all the questions of the students if they don't understand something. If you have got a teacher who isn't able to answer your questions, you don't feel good, because you have some questions left that even a person who has studied the subject cannot answer. This causes that the students think they learned nothing and so they maybe get to dislike the subject, which would be not good.
Some teachers also feel unsure about how to react to questions they cannot answer. They become nervous and that gets to the students who don't behave like there is a person to respect in front of them. Maybe they laugh at the teacher and the worst case could be that the teacher is so unsure and unable that he becomes depressed.
But if there is a great knowledge, everybody can profit of that. The students enjoy the lessons because the trust the teacher in knowing all the things about his subject and the teacher has fun because he is able to help his students understanding the subject.

Then I think relating well with the students is even a bit more important than having a good knowledge.
This has something to do with the climate in the class too. I think it's bad for students if they have fear to go to school because a teacher teases them or is just awfully strict. According to that the students hate the subject and they don't spend any time on doing the homework for that subject. So the teacher has got a problem too because he has to react to the missing homework. Mostly they are angry and that isn't helpful to integrate them in the subject. Furthermore there are great advantages in being very friendly and kind. It's the same thing as I said before: Everybody is happier with a kind teacher. The students because they don't have to have fear and the teacher because the students work with him in the lessons. Because of the missing fear the studenst are more relaxed and put their hands up more often. For the teacher does that mean, that he don't have to make only lessons of the front of the class. He can better include the students.

For conclusion I'd say that both aspects are important for having a great time at school. If the teacher knows a lot and is kind too, everybody enjoys the lessons more, because there isn't such a big opression for all: The teacher has got no fear of not being able to answer any questions and then being bullied and the students have no fear of being teased by the teacher. So the chance of learning a lot is much higher if both aspects are equal important.