The statement brings up various different arguments which support the pro or the contra side. Starting with the pro side it is of course important that the students get along well with their teachers. Being in a good relationship with your teachers makes students often more able to open up about certain problems that they may have with the teaching subject. The relationship however should not cross a certain level since this could lead to the student being to unmotivated or lazy since they know they wont get in trouble. As Ive mentioned in the first argument being in a good relationship with your teacher makes you able to more openly talk about your problems. This does not only apply to problems regarding the subject but your personal life as well. Students who have a hard time at home might be influenced by this fact when trying to study. Seeing your teacher as a person you can trust and being able to talk with someone about your difficulties might relieve a certain level of stress gaining yourself access to being more productive at school. Of course the teacher still has to have a certain level of knowledge. Without knowing enough about your subject youre going to have a hard time to teach about it especially when the person your trying to teach hasnt got the same knowledge as you. Also the students might start to disrespect you when they start noticing that youre not that good of a teacher. Whats most important in school is to properly teach your students the key fragments of your subjects. However as a student you shouldnt expect a teacher to be perfectly informed about everything regarding the single theme your class is going though at the moment as long as youre able to understand the basics and know how to use them. One of the most important arguments is that some sujects are more important than others especially considering what you'll need for your ongoing life. For example you'll need certain aspects of mathmatics more than sports considering your later way of life. Its important to have a good knowledge in the subjects that are most needed in your daily life as well in the subjects that bring security risks with them like chemistry so that you can successfully teach your students while not getting them into any sort of danger.
In my personal opinion a good balance is needed between knowledge and the ability to relate. You should never be to shy to ask about things in school you dont understand. A good relationship with your teachers supports you in doing this. The right amount of knowledge assists in helping your students out in a better way but you shouldnt flash them with too much information. so a teacher who combines the two        