Being a teacher is undoubedly not an easy job. But teachers are also a really controverse topic. There are a lot of questions asked about how they should do their job and how far their responsibilities for the students go. One of these questions is the one if a teacher´s ability to relate well with his students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Since this is a question that is not that easy to answer, I want to present some arguments for both sides.
First of all it leaves a bad impression on the students if the teacher doesn´t know what he is teaching or makes a lot of mistakes. It could make the students think that they don´t need to study and learn what they are being taught because they can go through live without it, if not even the teacher knows it right. It will make them study less and they are not likely to remeber what they are being thaught.
Second, the teacher could teach the students something wrong. This doesn´t really matter that much as long as it is nothing important. But if the teacher doesn´t give the students important information or even tells them something wrong, it could lead to serious problems later in the students lifes.
But on the other hand, everybody makes mistakes sometimes, it´s just human. As long as the teacher knows what he is doing and gets his students motivated for the topic, a few little mistakes won´t hurt.
Also, if a teacher is able to motivate his students for what they are learning, it will help them remember it more easily. Usually, if the teacher can´t relate to his students very good, the students won´t learn as easily or remeber what they learned. 
In my opinion, it´s more important for a teacher to relate well with his students than to have excellent knowledge of his subject. If he teaches good and motivates the students for the topic, they will remember what they learned, even if it has a few mistakes in it. If the teacher can´t get the students motivated, they won´t remember what they learned, because they are not interested in it. They might learn everything for an exam, but a few days later, when they don´t need it anymore, they will forget it.