In the following essay I am going to give arguments if it is more important that a teacher has the ability to relate well with the students or that the knowledge is being taught excellently. 
On the one hand it is in my opinion very important that the teacher can relate well with his or her students or even with the other students at school because I think that it has a following confidence for the student that he can put his hand up to answer the teachers questions or to ask question by himself or herself. Also I think that it is a good thing to be in a good relationship with the teacher so you can have trust in him or her to have good lessons. 
It is easier to be active in lessons when you have a good relationship with your teacher because you can make a funny and in the same time interesting lesson out of it and that is good for the students to follow the stuff the teacher is teaching about. 
But on the other hand I believe that it is a very important thing either that the knowledge of the subject is teached in a very good way because if you write  for example a class tesnd you can not answer the questions or the exercises you can not be able to be good in this subject. Even if the teachers is very strict by teaching the students are quiet and keep listening to the knowledge that the teacher is giving them and you can learn more in the lesson. But a negative argument I have to say about this is that I think that it is more difficult for a student to have fun in the lesson when the teacher is very strict also it is complicated for him or her that he or she might ask questions about the topic or might answer the questions of the teacher. It might be a following consequence by a teacher that is very strict. To put it in a nutshell I think both is important because the school is a thing that most of the students do not like because it is not connected with fun. A teacher that is teaching in a way that make the students feel confident and even interested in the subject by making jokes, being not that strict or something in that way is more likeable by the students and also he or she has a better relationship to the students that makes the teaching more easy. At my school I have subjects I like to go to because the teachers are teaching the knowledge excellent so I can understand it but also I like it that the lessons are created in a way that makes the lessons interesting by creating it in different ways. Another point is that I can put my hand up more often in that lessons because I know that it is okay if it might not be the right answer to the question and that I will not be screamed at because it is wrong. I had teachers that were really strict and I started to go down with my marks because I was not able to put my hand up and answer a question. Sure it is important to teacht the knowledge of a subject in an excellent way but I think a teacher who has the ability to relate well with the students can even teach it more well because if the lessons are created interested or funny you can learn a lot because you can keep it in your head.a