I, a stundent, disagree with this statement and why I will explain in the following text.
First I can say the reason why people go to school isn´t because a law says we have to, it´s because education is the most important thing in the world and everybody wants to learn to have a well looking future. So why should you go to school when the teacher doesn´t know well about his subject? He is the person, who gives his knowledge to students to give them the chance to get a good school graduation. When he can´t do what he has to do the students can´t learn everything they need for example their abiture. Their future won´t be as colorful as from other students with a different teacher because of his fault.
The second point is, that you can learn something even when you don´t like the tacher or when he can´t relate with students but you can´t when he can´t teach. For example with one teacher you can talk about everything. You can tell about your weekend, problems, about anything privat but not about the subject. So you will know what he did yesterday but you don´t know how you can speak in spanish. Your grades will be bad because their are rules what you have to know and when you can´t do the exercises like students from another class, you will fail. The other teacher will learn with you the vocabulary, grammar and at the end you can speak spanish very well, but he won´t listen to your problems. Maybe he will act rude and mean but at the end you will have a grood mark for hard work.
Life isn´t that easy that you you can finish everything without learning, work and sometimes worries. To make your dreams true you have a long way to go.
At the end I have a question. When every teacher hasn´t an excellent knowledge and hasn´t had in former times and will not have in the future. Would we have the same standard of living like we have right now? Would we have the same medical possiblilities? Would the world be the same? I asked that because everybody has learnd from others especially from teachers. When they would haven´t the same knowledge because of another teacher, could they invent anything? Or would they don´t know how because they have never heard of it before or just don´t know how they should do it.
So I think education is very important and this is the reason why teacher have to be ecellent in their subject