In school its important to feel well. Students feel well, when they are good in school, have good marks and friends. But if they aren't good in school, everyday  they could be afraid to go to school, because they know, what can happend. Maybe the teacher want the student to go on the blackboard or read the homeworks loud.  So some students can be afraid of the teacher and when they are afraid, they can't work very well, so when the teacher is nice and helpful, students could be trust him or her more. But than the teacher could be like a friend for the students, not like a person, who should earn respect. When the teacher becomes a friend for the students, they will talk more in the lessons about privacy things and not about the subject. They won't learn anything or only a little part from the subject.
But when the teacher is very strict, students could lost the interest for the subject. It could happen, that they don't want to learn something because they don't like the teacher and when they don't like the teacher, they don't like the subject and this could be seen in the marks.
If the teacher is nice, the students like to go to the lessons and the class calm down.
But it can happend too, when the students don't like the teacher and his or her lessons, they don't have respect too and they would become loud, so they don't learn anything because they don't listen to the teacher.
They would more listen to a teacher they like than to a teacher they don't like.
And if they are unpolite to one teacher, they will copy this to other teachers and lessons and they will get problems with the learning and the teacher have problems too, because when the students aren't good in their subjects, the parents could make it worse. 
And maybe a big argument will follow, where teachers, parents and students are involved and they will discuss about the causes and who made the mistakes and faults. 

In my opinion teachers should be in the middle. They should be nice to students, so they like to go to the lessons, but not to nice. They should know the difference between work and  privacy, I mean they shouldn't talk much about their life. And when the students ask question about their lifes, they shouldn't answer, because that aren't information for the students. They should listen to the teacher when they make their lessons and they shouldn't try to trick the teacher to have not so much lessons.
So I more disagree to the statement. Its better when the teacher is excellent on his subject than be nice to the students.
Maybe they won't like him, but they will learn something and thats very important for the future. But I think the students should know that and they should know too, that the teachers aren't our enemys who want to disturb the class.
