In many schools teachers just try to finish all the stuff they need taught the students, but they often forget to have a closer look at them and to help them understanding the subject. 
It´s one of the most important things to get thaught everything in a subject what should be thaugt, because that´s what the students need for the exams,but this is easier to reach when the pupils feel comofortable in class, which would be, if their teacher would try to build up a relationship with them. 
If he understands them he can help them easier, because he knows what their problems are. He can then try to explain the subject in a different way so that the student can understand it better. Maybe they wouldn´t learn everything exactlly, but they would enjoy learning more an would know that they can talk with their teacher about their questions.
In addition to that, students would feel more comfortable if the teacher acts helpfully and friendly. The higher position would leave a bit and he would become more like an older friend who interacts with his students. Those students also would be more open to their teacher and would talk more about their problems in the subject. Everybody would feel much more comfortable in class and would be even more prepared for exams. They wouldn´t be scared to walk in a class room , because they know that there will be their friendly teacher who tries to teach them everything in an enjoyable and easy way.
Most important is that the teacher could see and understand what his students need in their daily life or wht they need to know in their later life. He could bring daily examples for the topic or for example an english teacher could give the pupils some vocabulary or even just some adjectives which the pupils need in ther daily life.
A teacher who doesn´t try to interact with his students wouldn´t even notice the problems of his students and couldn´t help everybody to understand the topic and that´s also my opinion. Students shouldn´t be afraid to walk in a their classroom or when they write an exam. They shouldn´t be stresse because they didn´t get the possibility to understand the topic well, just because they teacher wanted to get everything quickly done.
The relationship between a teacher and his pupil is the most important thing and evry teacher should try to act helpful.
