Every person was in school or will be in school on day, so everybody knows how different teachers could be. Some are more like a 'good friend' and others are strength with a clear distants to their students. I want to discuss the statement if "A teacher's ability to realte well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught".

On the one side a good relation between the teacher and the student is very important for a good atmosphere in class. If the teacher is on distants and only focus on facts, the most students feel uncomfortable and often don not like the teacher. The student thinks that it would not matter what you do, you get bad marks if you for example do not share the same opinion like your teacher.
Another point is that the student could trust their teacher and could say something if they have a problem or do not understand the subject. If a teacher concentrate on perfect knowledge the student might be scared to ask, because of a critical view or an answer they would not understand.
My last point is that if the realtion between the teacher and their students is good, no student must be afraid to raise their hand and say something in class without the fear to say something wrong. 

But on the other side an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is really important, because a teacher can not taught something he does not exactly know about. He can not answer questions as good as a teacher who knows perfectly all he need for his subject. For example the student is in history class and want to know if the cold war was a reaction of the second world war or not and the teacher says that he must look it about, although the second world war and especially the cold war is there main subject in these lesson, it is not as good as the teacher who could answer you the question without looking it up and also tell you more informations you did not ask for, but you should know.
Another point is that the teacher have no base to build expectation he must have to give the studets grades. How could he give you a fair grade if he does not know the things he should know? Often it is only a 'feeling' the teacher have or an first impression he have in mind if he hear the name of the student , but this should not be the important points to grade the students.

In my opinion it is important that a teacher have an excellent knowledge and can relate with their students on an easy way.