Many people think that teachers aren't nice to children. That could be real problem. Thats why I want to discuss in the following text, whether it is more important that a teacher has a good relationship to his students, or that he or she has a specific knowledge of what he is talking about.
An argument for being more important to have a very good knowledge is, that otherwise the students wouldn't learn that much, because the teacher themselv didn't know much about that topic and can't answer the questions of the children. If the teacher has the needed knowledge the lessons could be more interesting, because he could also teach the children backgroundknowledge and answer their questions very well. It also would be interesting to hear to his histories. Nevertheless it a good relationship in the class could also help to learn more, because if the teacher is only stand in front of the class and speak the hole lesson the students would feel bored, and so they don't learn that much. And when no one likes the teacher and students don't trust him or her they wouldn't want to learn something from him or her.
So it is good when the teacher can motivate the students and that they are looking for to the lesson. Maybe it would also help when the teacher is a bit funny, then the students get the feeling that he or she is a normal person and have more fun in class. It is not just important to have the knowledge you also have to know have to teach it to the children, otherwise your knowledge wouldn't help you, because the children don't understand you. 
If the teacher is more open to the class and don't show his higher position, so that the students have also fun in class, you can make the lessons more effective, because the students are more motivated to learn something, when they have a good relationship to the teacher.
Another point is that if the teacher has much knowledge, but is very strict and doesn't allow mistakes in the class, you as a student could be afraid of him or her and of raising your hand. That would lead to a very slowly lesson, where you are the hole lesson afraid of something, so you didn't learn that much.
To put it into a nutshell I would say that it is more important to have a good relationship to the teacher, because you are then more motivated to learn something and have more fun at the school. However the knowledge is also important, you can't teach spmething   