Well, I think it is important that you have a good knowledge of your subject as a teacher, but for the students it is also very important that you have fun at school, because if you have fun with learning, it is much easier to follow the lessons.
A teacher needs both things to teach students, the good knowlegde and a good ability.

A good example for the statement is that if a teacher teach you without connections to the students, the students do not following the lesson and then they learn nothing for the exams or the life.
Sometimes students also think that they do not understand the subjekt or the theme and then the teacher is just standing there in front of them and tells something.
If the lesson or the teacher is very boring, you can not listen to him or her and that causes that you are not concentrate.
A teacher need a good knowledge, it is clear, because when a teacher does not know what he says or teaches then the students can not understand and learn.
A good example is the subjekt history, everybody thinks that is boring and the subjekt, which everybody hates, but when you have a teacher who makes a funny lesson or tells you stories about the themes, then you know the things later on.
Students also need chnages in their lessons, that makes it better and easier to learn, for example a film, it is a good thing to look a film, because  you learn something about your topic and you can be relaxed for some minutes.
For the teacher it will be much easier to teach if a class has fun and wants to learn new things with him or her as a teacher.
They are also just humans and it is hard to be a good teacher, this is true, but I think that it is important for teachers to go home with a good feeling and to know that you are teaching to students who accept you.
If a teacher know that he or she has a good connection to the students, then it is for him or her also a pleasure to come to this class.

Sometimes you learn something for your life, when you have a good teacher.
Or you remember the teacher when you are older with own children, so you tell them about the experiences in school with this special teacher.
Finally I think, it is important to have a good connection to your students as a teacher and have a good knowlegde for the job.
