The following essay revolves around the question whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
Naturally, there are arguments for and against this statement. 
Firstly, one can argue that the main job a teacher has to fulfill is to actually teach certain things regarding their subject to their students in order to increase their knowledge, thus having an excellent knowledge themself of what is being taught could be considered quite important.
However, it is not sufficient, if the teacher posseses a great amount of knowledge, if they simply lack the ability to transfer it, due to being incapable of explaining things in an understandable way. It is also rather common, that students end up not paying attention, because of the simple reason, that they dislike their teacher, or rather their way of teaching. This would indicate, that a good relation between teachers and students is of great importance, since the chance, that the students are more willingly and more motivated to learn certain things, might increase.
Nevertheless, one might as well state, that a teacher having knowledge, that exceeds the aspects, that are taught in the normal school curriculum, might result in the fact, that students are going to be impressed by this and might be motivated to focus more on their studies as well.

I, personally, agree with the above statement, that a good relation is more important than excellent knowledge, because of several reasons. This results mainly due to the fact that excellent knowledge isn't required in most cases, since the things that end up being taught are just the surface of the very subject and in depth knowledge about every aspect is not at all necessary. This counts at least for normal school lessons and can be viewed much differently, if the subject is being taught on a university-level.
I generally think, that the first twelve years of school shouldn't be focused as much on the variety of subjects being taught, but one should rather put importance onto learning how to communicate with each other and build up good relations, since rationally speaking, the vast majority of students won't be needing anything they learn at school at any point in their life, since their future jobs will probably focus on one major aspect only, thus the vast variety of things they learn in school won't be necessary, which further proves the point, that the teacher having a greta knowledge is not neededed. 
As a consequence, I think that on the way of becoming a teacher, one should rather be taught how to connect with students and how to make them willing to study things, rather than learning great amounts of aspects of their subject, that end up being just a nice side effect to show off.