Television advertising is often directed to certain groups of people. One of them are children who are between two and five years old. There are some people who say that this kind of advertising should not be allowed. In the following I will present my opinion on this topic.

In my opionion there are two sides to this statement. I can agree with the people who are saying that this kind of advertising should be forbidden. Children who are that young don't know how to compromise it. The ads are making everything more colorful and brighter, and they do not necessarily show reality. The children really want to have the product and might annoy their parents until they buy it. It's also not fair of the marketing people. They use young children, who might never had contact to any kind of media before, just to make money. They know exactly what the children want and they use this knowledge, just to make themselves richer. 

But on the other hand, there are some reasons why I disagree with this statement. Even if the child really wants the product that was advertised on TV, the decisions if it's bought or not will be made by the parents. The child can't just buy things on its own. The role of the parents is another reason, why I think commercials should be allowed: the parents can decide when and how often children watch TV. And it is their decision if they want a two- year old boy or girl to watch TV. The other reason why it should be allowed is one simple thing: you can't hide advertising. Sooner or later the kids will be confronted with ads, and it could be good to let them know early enough that it is out there. When they become older they will know better how to handle advertisment. Children will know, that they can't have everything they want and that not everything is like it is in TV. The things shown in the commercials aren't reality, but it is the reality that commercials are out there in real life. And if TV advertisment towards children isn't allowed, commercials in magazines, on the radio and especially on the Internet shouldn't be allowed as well. Children get a phone earlier every generation, and with that they have the connection to everything that is out there. And the internet is even harder to control than TV. One decision must lead to other decisions as well.

All-in-all I say, that I disagree with the ststement "Television advertising directed toward younger children should not be allowed". The parents have the chance to decide what the child does and what is bought in the end. And children will  be confronted with commercials anyway, it is not just on TV.