For me, there are good reasons for both sides. That means that I can tell good things for each opinion.
One advantage, when a teacher has a good relationship with the students, is, that it's more easy for the students to listen carefully. They want to learn something because they have fun while sitting in the school and learning something. It's also more interesting for them, because they can listen to the teacher for a longer time. When a student doesn't like his or her teacher because of their bad relationship automatically he doesn't listen and learn as much as an other student do which likes his teacher. All students could learn better and easier when the have fun while they're learning. But the point is, although a teacher has the ability to relate well with students, it doesn't mean that he is a good teacher too. It could be possible that he doesn't have much knowledge or can't explain it. I mean the most important thing in school is to learn something and that's only possible when the teacher understands what he's telling. He has to know a lot of things and must be able to explain it right to the students. A teacher needs an excellent knowledge to teach the students the things exactly and understandable. For an example there's a teacher you get well on with but he or she can't explain anything. So you don't understand anything and that's not helpful for you. Another example is, there's a teacher, which has an excellent knowledge and which is very intelligent, but you can't listen to him because you don't like him. In his lessons he's always in a bad mood and hasn't a good relationship with his students. Then you can't listen him either carefully. 
Finally I'm able to say that it needs a mix between both things. At one side a good relationship is important that the students have fun and like to go in school but at the other side the teacher must have a knowledge and must be able to teach it that you can learn something.
It's hard for me to choose one of this points but I think for me it's more important that the teacher has an excellent knowledge because I want to learn things in school and that's only possible when a teacher has a knowleag and teachs it.