The question if television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed or not is not very easy.
On one hand they might want to know what they could put on their wish list for their next birthday or christmas on the other hand these young children do not have much money or their parents guard it for them so they are not able to use money properly.
Personally I do not think much of the idea of television advertising directed toward young children aged betweent two to five. Firstly I am convinced that these children won't know how to cope with the advertisings and they will want to have everything that the advertisements show them. Furthermore I do not think that children aged two to five should watch that much television. And if they watch there shouldn't be advertising in between the series they are watching.
If there are posters on the street advertising the new LEGOs that will be enough. If they are intrested they will have a closer look at the advertisement and tell their parents that they want to have this new toy. But i do not think it necessary to do television advertising for this young children since they will be confronted with advertising on computers and television soon enough.
In addition there are always pamphlets advertising for toys or something a small child would like to have. If this advertising is also on television no one would dare to look at the pamphlet which is not the best version of a book but it is something physical you can go through at any time.
I am also convinced that there would be some advertisements that are bad and could harm children psychologically because the advertising of the one who pays the most will be shown the most.
To conclude I don't think it is  a good idea to do advertising directed toward children aged between two to five because they are simply to young to understand the meaning of an advertisement. In order to benefit from their childhood they should not be watching that much television and my opinion is that there shouldnt be advertising interrupting their series.