It is a quiet controversial question. Because of several points I think a good teacher needs to have a good knowledge but also needs to be able to relate with his students.
First of all the point about the knowledge. Each and every theacher does need a really good knowledge about a subject they are teaching. When this knowledge is not given how can they even be a theacher of this materia? A theacher needs to understand the questions of the students and he must be abel to answer them. Of course a person can do a mistake and when he does not understand a question it's not that bad when his overall-performance shows he knows his subsject. If this is not the case the students will loose their faith and the teacher wont have any authority anymore.
But then imagine a teacher with the perfekt knowledge but he's not abel to interact with people, someone with a high IQ but a low EQ (emotional-quotient). These people are incredibly talented and they will understand almost everything but they are not abel to give this informations in a way a student is abel to understand. For such a talented people it is not possible to have a problem with an easy excerise but just because it's easy for them does not mean it's easy for everyone. 
The third case would be a teacher with the ability to relate with his students and interact with them perfect but he has not got enough knowledge about a topic he's teaching. As i already said this teacher will loose his authority as a theacher because he is not better than the students when he is not able to answer their questions, all of them would be equal. Another problem wich might appear is when he can relate to his students and falls into the role of a buddy and not a teacher anymore. It is really difficult to get out of the buddy role and show up as a teacher again.
These points show us that a really good teacher needs several abilities. He needs the knowledge to teach a topic, he must be able to relate with his students to get when something is not going well but he also needs to stay in his position as a teacher and an authority person.
To get to an end i guess both, knowledge and ability to relate with students, is needed to get a good teacher.