Advertising follow us through our whole life. Even young children are used to listen and see advertising. But is that right? Should young children be influenced by television advertising? In the following I will discuss this statement.

On the one hand young children have to learn how to deal with advertising. For example that not everything what is said in advertsings is right or usefull. If they don't learn that early they may have problems with it later. 
On the other hand advertising could be an bad influence either. If young children are confronted with so much advertising that they didn't even realize that the things in advertising aren't real and in cause of that they will believe in things that aren' real and build their world on wrong thoughts. For example that little girls could think that unicorns and elves are real because they saw that in TV. It could be hard for the parents to explain their kids that the unicorns are only animated and that they don't live in the real world. Such a statement could be shocking for a young child.
But it is normal for kids to believe in things that aren't real, like princesses or fairytales. If they grow up they will realize that they lived in castle of fantasies. It is a normal experience for kids and nothing to worry about because it worked for generations of children.
Furthermore the parents could prepare their kids. For example it is necesarry to talk about the advertising and the parents should explain their kids that you can't buy everything just because it looks fantastic in the advertisement. They could make a trip through the supermarket and show their kids the toys of the television advertising and show them either that they aren't that fantastic. 
Besides they are confronted with advertising anyways for example in the supermarket or the streets or magazines. It is hard to completly isolate children and protect them from advertising.

To come to a conclusion I am of the oppinion that with the right leading from the parents even young children could navigate through the jungle of television advertising and they will learn how to deal with it. It is the best way to prepare kids for the future. It isn't nedded to forbid television advertising for young children because it isn't needed to protect them from anything if they know how to protect themselves. 