In the following I will answer the question above by giving my personal arguments led by my personal view.
The ability to relate well with students is important to control the class. If a teacher controls a class it is more calm and has respect towards the teacher . This is essential for good and informative lessons because if it is to loud or the pupils have no respect it is impossible to make a good cours where the pupils learn something. Futhermore the ability is important to build up little friendships. The stundents have more fun, which helps them learning with more motivation because they go to school with a smile on their face knowing that they learn something from a friend. 
Nevertheless this ability doesn't help if the teacher is not able to give these information to pupil. The teacher has to know what he has to do otherwise he is not able to be a teacher. In the end the only thing which counts is passing the tests. The fun-factor is unimportant because in our society the only thing which is important for students is passing their tests with good grades. Pupils are judged by their grades. This exam is a good example too. It tests if the teacher could teach the kids something in their subject english. It is not important if the teachers have a good ability to relate to their students. Nobody asks that. If you want to go to a university the first thing most of them look after are the grades of the stundent. That's why I think the excellent knowledge of the subject being thought is more important for the future than anything else a teacher could give a student at this moment in our society. Nobody asks them if they had fun in school when they have good grades. To get these good grades the teacher must be able to really teach the kids his knowledge of his subject. The teacher has to prepare the pupils for their future and besides in the future not every teacher or boss is your friend.
Considering all the arguments mentoinned above I'd like to say that I disagree with the statement. 