The occupation of a teacher has always been very important and it still is to this day. In order for a society to work, especially a modern one, it is tremendously necessary to have well educated young people.
But despite the fact that not only teachers but also professors are an important pillar supporting our society, it is anything but easy to live up to everyone's expectations, including those of the government, the students themselves and their parents, which is why there will never be something like "a perfect teacher".
There is a controversial statement that has been discussed a lot in the past and until now a precise and clear answer to the question that it arises couldn't be found, the question is whether ot not a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.


While teachers should obviously be nice and friendly it is quite obvious that in order for them to be able to teach students about a certain topic they need to know enough about it, otherwise it won't be possible for them to transfer information in any way. Furthermore the students have to be well-prepared for the governmental assignments they're going to face, for example in their finals.
But despite the fact that knowledge about the subject being taught is mandatory, there are plenty of aspects that advocate the statement that teachers should be able to relate well to students.
Firstly it can't be argued that if a teacher knows and understands his students it will be much easier to find the best way to transfer information to them, for example by playing games about the topic.
Also a teacher will be a lot better at seeing if a student has problems understanding and/or processing the information and helping that student, which makes efficent learning a lot easier, which is what teaching is all about.
It is also scientifically proven that as long as people feel comfortable they're a lot more focused and are able to concentrate a lot better.
However that shouldn't be overdone because one the students start seeing the teacher as a friend they might not respect and take them seriously anymore.
So it can be said that both aspects are important.