I will arguement regarding to the statement:"Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed" in the following lines.

The television advertising directed toward children could confuse the children because they dont know how to deal with the situation. There could be, for example a bid teddy bear on the television, who tells the children, that they should buy him and that he is the best teddy bear, that they will ever have. Young children aged two to five won't notice, that thos is just a PR strategie and that this teddy bear can not speak with them.

But it is also a good train for children for learning how to deal with treat from the internet or the television, so they learn how to handle in situations like these. Most of the time the parents can tell them, that th eteddy bear can not speak and that the things he says in television are just a lie, even if they still want the teddy bear, the spreadings from the parents are mostly deeper and more respective for the children than the ones out of the television.

There is also a problem given by television advertisement, because a lot of children are feared by the figures or symbol in the advertisement spots (clowns, big bears,lions, etc) so they cant sleep at night and are scared to go outside. This is a problem for their process of growing up, because they'll always have the picture of the big clown they saw when they where four inside their head eventhough they dont notice it specially anymore, but it will still be on the inside.

But television advertising towards children with two years is not a big problem, because the children with two years will not notice, that it is towards them and they wont notice what is going on in these advertising spots, so the parents can be calm, beecause it isnt a big problem to deal with.

Furthermore these advertising spots can bring the children to bad ideas, for example, when their parents will not buy them the bid teddy bear, they just go inside the shop and steal it, because the teddy bear said, i want you to own me or cuddle me. There are a lot of children who get treated by those spots. This can be a start for an criminalisation of the children.

All in all I can say, that these advertzising spots towards children with two to five years are unnecessary and lean them to do criminal things. None of the children in these ages will have enough money to buy these stuff, so these spots should not be allowed. 

