Is the best teacher possible smart, funny, good looking and likes Children? Nowaday it seems more important for a teacher to be able to relate to his student rather than him having excellent knowledge about his subject. But if it comes down to it, what is it that we prefere?

First off nowadays with the help of textbooks and other material teaching a subject isn't quite a challenge, so why dont we just sing teachers that are educated in dealing with intrapersonal problems. For example when a student breaks down in tears mid class a regular teacher who is just well versed in his subject might have a problem with this new situation. However teachers versed in psychology would consider this situation not challenging at all. When working with other human beeings its important to understand them.

However if a student comes up with a complicated question about the matter at hand only a teacher with a certain understanding of his subject is able to answer that question sufficiently. It is easy to teach physics to a class full of students just by following a script, but as a student myself I can say sometimes when we dont understand something we are just as good as a five year old. But even though this is a bit overexagurated not every person can teach his subject to just anybody, it takes great knowledge to do so. And in the end we are not here to have the best time, but to learn something.

But not only this, it is also very important to teach the students how to set up and manage porjects. And in order for a teacher to aid a student in such projects it is important that they know what they are talking about. Unless the project is about psycology, a teacher who understands his students wouldn't be more than another student working on the project. He would have to look up everything himself aswell, and thats not what the goal is in supervising a project.

To round things up at certain times it's more important to understand the students and at others the subject. And like many other things a well rounded middleway seems to be the optimum. I believe that its very important that a teacher is able to understand the student, but its much more important that they also understand their subject.