I defenitly do agree with this statement. I belief a good relationship between students and teachers supports the atmosphere during class. This aspect helps students to learn more effective and they can have more fun as well.
 
Of course the teacher has to have several knowledges about the topics he is teaching, but he studied the things, which he is teaching his students. As a matter of fact we should trust him, that he is using his knowledge to prepare the students as good as possible.

In my opinion nobody is perfect. So why should a teacher be? It's no crime to look up some information. But it would be awful for teachers as well as for students to have a bad relation to each other. It doesn't have to be a familiar or private relationship, but it's important to talk, especially about problems. It doesn't matter if it is about something in school, e.g. an argument between two students or if it is about the situation at home like the students' parents divorcing.
 
Furthermore, a teachers ability to relate well with sudents is very important in elementary school. The children are still very young and are learnig just the basics as reading and writing. That is why the teachers don't need to have excellent knowledge of the subject they're teaching.
Another example, i can give, is PE. The teacher doesn't need to be a perfect athlete, just because he is teaching physical education. The important thing is, that he is teaching the children to have fun and if something happens he needs to be there and help. For example if a child hurts his knee because he fell down. He cries and someone has to make him stop. That's the task of a teacher to be friendly and helpful and to understand, which situation a student is living through.
Moreover, children have to thaught, how to relate with other persons as well. So that's just another point the teacher has to teach the children.

As a conclusion a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught, because being human is more important than being a perfect robot.