In the following I will sate my opinion on the statement above.

I think that the teacher´s ability to relate well with students is very importent. If students do not feel good and uncomfortable with the teacher, the more likley they will not be motivated to follow the lessons. I am a student my self, and I notice the diffrence aswell. Apart from wether I like the subject or not, I like to listen to the teacher and do my homework, when the teacher has a good connection to me. I know,that I can talk to the teacher about problems with the subject. I do not have to be scared about asking, when I do not understand something.

On the opposite, I do not think that the knowledge of a teacher is less relevant. When I have a teacher I can relay on, but I can not ask questions about the subject, I do not get any fourther aswell.
 It is good to know, that the teacher talking to me, knows what he is talking about. He is responsible for my learning process. Of course I have to make sure that I understand everything and write good grades on my own, but a good teacher thaughts me everything I need to know, to achieve a good grade. But a teacher with exellent knowledge, who can not relate to me, doe not bring me one step further, than when I have a teacher wich I can ask everything, but just knows a little.

In my opinion the mix makes the game. A good teacher should be able to relate with the students and have a good knowlegde. Those teachers are few, and you have to be lucky to find one. I am very lucky, and allready had those sort of teachers during my school career. But they get less as you get to the upper classes. I have a lot of teachers who know a lot, but they just do not connect with my class. That makes it harder to be good during the lessons, than it should be. They think of us as adults and as in university we are in school, because we want to and not because we have to. 
We are not five graders where the theachers are like our parents, but we are in an age where we can talk to teachers on the same level. Theachers are people just like us. Why should we just sit and listen without the teacher´s ability to relay with us?

Teachers and students chare the same work place. We have to get along, there is no other way. So I think that a execellent teacher is woth only the half if students can not relate with him. But also a teacher with the ability to ralate with the students is worth only the have, if he has less knowlegde of his subject.
I am thankfull that there are teachers, like my old history teacher, who was able to do both and told me a lot about history without breaking the connection he had to us.