Nowadays our world is full of advertising. We see it everywhere at anytime. Of course one of the most important ones is the television advertising. Everyone has a televsion, so the most efficient way to catch their attention, is showing them on the television. But how does this influence our kids minds? Would it change a thing if we prohibited to young children?

First of all this kids live with their parents, who are responsible to look after them and the usually know, what their children need. So why would it be necessary to shot down this television advertising, if the people who are responsible of this children allow them to watch it? Why should people lose their job because of something that even their parents watch? We should let the parents choose, what they want to allow to their children or not. They are called parents for a reason.

Another argument is that even if the kids try to get whatever they want, because they saw it on television or outside, if the parents don't agree with it and don't want to buy it, this kids won't be able to buy it by themselves. So don't matter what the advertising shows, if the parents don't want it, this kids aren't going to have it. And I repeat myself by saying that the parents are the people, who control their children and are responsible for their education. By prohibiting television advertising, we also control their way of education their children. 

In the other hand we know that children between two and five see adults as idols and they want to do and to have whatever the own. So there is a big probability that their minds are influenced by what they see on television. And will try to do it or get however it goes. In order to be like the others, because they don't like to be different.

To sum up, no matter what children watch on television or outside, they will always want it but what is really important is how the parents react to it and what the do to educate them. In my opinion we should let the parents choose if their children should watch it or not. We are all free to choose what we 


