Our society is made of consumers and sellers. We have the urge to make economics. We also seem to be in a battle with other people. Who earns more money? Who is better at selling? We are living in a world where technology affects our daily life and where we are dependent on it. This could  be the reason why we create televion advertising. However, not only adults are effected by advertisments also young children who cannot differ between information and manipulation. So should television advertising directed toward young children be forbidden?
In this paragraph you will read arguments why commercials for children should be unallowed. At the young age of three or four children are starting to develope the conciousness about themself. Thex figure out that if they say 'I' they are meaning themself. At this age of confusing realizations children can be manipulated very easily. Because they are unenlightened they obey what the growns ups say. Even if they are in a television. That is why it could be unmoral wanting to convince children to buy a product or even be something they later would not chose to  be. Furthermore, children cannot make own decisions yet, they are controlled by their parents or adults in general.  So what sense would it make to advertise towards children, if they cannot determine to buy something if the intention is not brainwashing? Especially advertisment about special group of people like parties or organisations could be dangerous for children, since also adults gets convinced by them and start to think that it is not bad to treat people with certain skin colours or religions worse than other people.
However, there is a reason why maybe advertising toward children should not be forbidde. Although children cannot decide what is good and what is bad for them, they have opinions. By forbidden television advertising one would take a away the right of children to make up their own opinions and discover a capitalistic world. If that is not enough reason, one could also claim that companies should have the right to advertise. Everybody should have the freedom to be what they want to be unless they harm other people. Yet they do not harm children by advertising their products. They only show them a possibility. And every children should have the right to have possibilities and chances. By hiding commercials it would mean to hide a whole society. And that could be even worse.
To put it briefly, television advertising can be dangerous for children since they cannot decide what is good or bad for them. They are unenlightened and do not question absolutes. However, companies should have the freedom to promote their products no matter what age the consumers are as much as children should be seen as person with own opinions. Moreover, people should stop wanting to hide the possibilities that are offered, and this does not only refer to television advertisements.
In my opinion, people should not have the urge to protect children from everything. It sounds harsh but we have to accept that there are people in the world that will use us, they will manipulate us. But it does not make it any better if we try to hide it in front of children. We should rather inform them. Television advertising directed tword young children is a little step into a world that acknowlegdes problems and give every one the choice to believe what commercials say or not. 