Teacher have to be simple in school. They have to handle with every student on the same level and also have to taught their subjects that every student will understand it. But  if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than an execellent knowledge of the subject the teacher is being taught I will discuss now.

It is very important for students to have an very structurated and prepared teacher. The teacher have to taught everything for everyone very simple, so that everyone will understand his supject in the next lessons too. 
Another argument against the statement is that the teacher everytime could be there to answer to questions the students are asking for. Because when you do not have a teacher, where is answering for your questions and things you do not understand, you can not understand the next steps in the subject too. My last and least reason against the message is that teachers with a Know-How can improvise in situations where the teachers have to subseduce another teacher. The teacher can subseduce the class and is able to improvise a full lesson.
An argument for the statement that it is more important to have a teacher with an ability to relate well with students is that padagogic communication makes the relationship between the student and teacher much better. It let the teacher more know an understand about the student.
 It is also important that students which have problems can go to the teacher and talking about their problems. This could tell the teacher als then why the student is being more bad in school in contrast to the other students and the teacher can help then.
In my opinion both is important in school, because if you have not a prepared teacher for his subject, but he relates very well with his students, he anyway can not teach you. But if the teacher is not competend to relate with his students, is anyway a good prepared one, it is difficult for the students to talk with the teacher. 
So I do not disagree or agree with the statement. Because both things are important for a structured, padagogic and good climatic lesson by this teacher. 
