Being able to relate well with the students is certainly a really good thing. Since the teacher can relate well with the students, they probably like each other a lot more. This leads to better cooperation and an all around better workflow. 
The motivation would also probably go upwards, since you can communicate better with the students and therefor motivate them better/faster. This would also have an effect on their grades, or just the understandig of the subject in general, since the students are more motivated and have some sort of a mindset, of not letting their teacher down. 

Whilst relating to the students well is a good thing, excellent knowledge is also really important. The knowledge factor, depends hugely on the level the teacher is teaching the students. For example in primary school the teacher doesn't got to have excellent knowledge, since everything their teaching is really easy, though excellent knowledge is not required. If you look, on the other hand, at a teacher giving lessons at a university, it is a completely different thing. You've got to have excellent knowledge of the subject, since it is so much more advanced. 
If you don't have excellent knowledge of your subject as a teacher, you could be teaching the students something wrong, which the may need for their life later. You can also motivate your students with your subject. You can do that by showing the depth of your subject, since you know so much about it, and motivate them like that.

In the end, I think it depends on the level you're teaching. In primary school being able to relate well with the students, is much more important than having an excellent knowledge, since you're not going to far into the subject anyways. It is also really important, because you have to motivate the kids to learn and show them that school isn't that bad overall.
Later though, when the students get older, the ability to relate well with the students becomes less important and your knowledge of your subject has to be really good, because teaching something wrong could be really bad. It is also not your job to motivate them to learn (you can still do it, it'll probably be appreciated), since they are old enough themselves. 