I agree with this statement. The relationship between teacher and student is essential for the education and progress of the student. If the realtionship is bad, the student won't be interested in the subject of the teacher.
As an example: Our class doesn't really like our latin teacher. Because of that, we do not pay attention in his lessons and talk a lot with our neighbour. He of course doesn't like that and gives us a strict order of sitting in class. We do not like this order and, with that, like our latin teacher even less. We pay even less attention in class and talk even more. Now lets compare this to our math teacher. Most of the class do not like math, like a lot of students do. Our math teacher, an elderly woman, changes this: Our relationship with her is very good and relaxed. We talk about other stuff than math with her and make a lot of jokes. It makes the learning atmosphere in class much more chill. Because our relationship is so good, we try to give good answers in class. We pay a lot of attention to what she says and write it down. 
In the view of the student, the relationship with the teacher is the most important thing for progress. I, like probably most pupils, do not like to wake up early and go to school. I can't do what I want to do and if I don't do what they tell me to do, I get bad grades. The main reason why I like to go to school is because I see my friends. I can have fun with them in the brakes. I can talk to them about other things. If you have this kind of a connection, this "friendship" with a teacher, it makes school a lot more bearable, even sometimes almost fun. And if I like to do something, I will really do it. I will get good grades and widen my knowledge, because I want to.  

The relation has to be good
so the sudents do what they should
if the realtion is bad
the teacher will be mad
because we don't pay attention
so he has to give us detention
we don't want to go there
we find it utterly unfair
so we skip school
and with that break another rule
So this is what I say to our teacher
charisma has to be your most important feature
so that we want to learn
and not see your face burn.

 