Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.

Television advertisments directed towards young children serve but one cause: Causing the child to be excited enough for it to bother its parents to buy whatever the product may be. The child, however is not able to tell, wether the product is something it really wants or needs. It solely decides based on the emotions conveyed through the advertisment. It is very simple to manipulate a young child into being excited about something. The use of a few simple elements, such as catchy songs or cute mascots, can be enough to convince a child of a product, without them even caring about the product itself. Therein lies great vulnerability for the parents, who are often cornered to buy something by their children, without being able to tell wether the child was manipulated into liking said product by an advertisment or wether they actually like it for its concept.

Children being manipulated into  wanting certain products is obviously not optimal. The question that needs to be asked, however, is wether the responsibilty towards the protection from such manipulation lies within the government, which would have to create regulations about the advertisments, or wether it lies within the parents.

It would be a possibilty for the government to create regulations which would stop marketing agencies from creating advertisments that are directly targeted towards young children. Such regulations would be very complex though. The distinction between what is, and what is not directed towards a child of the age of 5 or 7 is most likely not accurately possible. Therefore, most advertisments concerning anything that has to do with kids would most likely be influenced so that there would be no risk of violating the regulations. 

Placing responibilty in the parents' hand would probably be much easier and also more reasonable. A parent should not let a child as young as 2-5 years old watch television on their own anyways, therefore it should not be a problem to change channels whilst advertisments are on or to stop the development of excitment in its tracks, should the child still get to see such an advertisment.