In the following text will I write about the following statement: A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thought. Of course has a teacher to know the things he is teaching, so the teacher must know many things about the subject itself. It is necessary to know many things because otherwise he wouldn't be able to teach a certain subject. 
So the first argument is, that a teacher has to know pretty much everything about his subject in order to teach it well. This means that a teacher must know what he tells to the students, otherwise he could tell something, that istn't true and he would recognize, that this is actually wrong.
Another argument is, that a teacher uses so many subject specific words, which the students don't understand. This means that a teacher in physics for example uses so many different specific words, laws or works simply too inaccurate. So the students don't understand him.
An example that agrees with the statement is, that a teacher mustn't work fast but clearly for everybody in the class. A teacher, that cannot explain or can't think of problems the students have can't teach them harder things. So a teacher should work maybe a bit more slowly but accurate. An example is, that the teacher tells something, that is fix but some students don't understand how it works. So the teacher tries to explain it to the students but because he can't explain very well is it hard for the students to think of how it actually works. This could end in a scenario where the students never ask anything, because they think, that it wouldn't make a difference if they ask him.
To come to an end, I agree with the statements more than I disagree. I think, that it is very important, that a teacher knows, what he is talking about, but it is more important to understand what he is telling you. I personally would prefer a teach, who isn't that well in his subject but who can explain pretty well, so the students can learn more from him. Because many teachers know what they are talking about but they can't teach it to other persons because they can't think of problems the students have and they can't explain well.