Television advertising is a big industry in our generation. People see products in these advertising and they buy it, because they see the product in the television. But is it a problem or a risk for young children? Which advertsing could influence children in a bad way?
Today every child watchs TV and as a consequence also the advertising. There are many advertisings of really thin and beautiful puppets such as barbie and other dolls. They are very attracted by this puppets and they want to have one of them. Because of this unrealistic ideal of the women, it could be that the child want also to look like this and that causes depression or other self-confidence problems, which are very unnessersary in this age. 
Another point is the costs the parents have, if they have to pay there children what they want, because they want to have there child happy and the child stresses them so much, that they think it would be better for themselves if they buy the toy to have a silence. Toys aren't cheap, the price is rising and I could imagine that not every familiy has enough money to pay for a expensive toy. Also there is the trend changes very fast. It isn't a very economical way, because every day there is a new toy on the market and the old one isn't good enough, so at a point the parents have to through away the old toys, because of place problems.  
On the other hand why should we ban the advertising towards young children? It's not proven that advertising influences the life of a child. Children watch TV because of the series they want to watch and they go on the toilette when the advertising comes. In addition the advertising isn't as long as the children could remember, what they saw. And also there a many other ways to influence children to buy something. Other children in kindergarten, who all have the same toy or nower days every child has instagram or other social medias, who have advertising, which fits on your age or the things you like, so if we ban television advetising, we shouldn't allowed any kind of advertising for children. 
In my opinion it's a realistic problem. The number of advertising per each televisionshow is rising and the advertising show solutions for our daily problems. When I was young I also wanted to have every thing I saw in television. But I didn't get anything. My parents resisted. Nower days you have to have the trendy things to be cool. But I think, you can't solve the problem, if you bann television advertising toward young children. You should do praventition very early. So I think you allowed televison advertising. 