In the following text i want to give arguments if i agree or disagree to the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.".
A point for the statement is that the students could learn better, if they are having a got relationship with the teacher. It could be easier to be interested if the teacher is a person you could look up to.
Against that statement is that the school is about the knowledge you should learn and therefor the relationship between teacher and student is not important. The job of a teacher is not to relate well with his students, he just should know everything about his subject and should bring this knowledge to his students.
Another pro point is that it could be really useful for the students if the teacher relate well with them, so maybe the would like to listen to him or discuss about important things with him. And if the teacher teach them the important things about his subject that should be enough. The students are maybe not interested in all the unimportant stuff that they don't need in ther following life, so you could use this time to get a good relationship to your students.
Also you could say that it is not the task of the school or the teacher to relate well with the student, they just should bring ther excellent knowledge to the students and should not be interested in the relationship between teacher and student.
In my opinion i agree to the statement that "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.", because it could be useful for student and teacher if the relate well. If you like your teacher and relate well with them ther is a good mood in the class, so you could learn better and you are not so desinterested, like you are, if you don't like the teacher. So maybe you appreciat going to school and like the subject you never liked befor, if you relate well with the teacher, so is totally agree to the statement, but i dont want to say that the knowledge of a subject is unimportant. 
