In the social media Television is really present. So there are people, which think that television has a bad affect to young people. Athor people say that there's no danger to people if they consume a lot of TV. So I want to explaine should Tv advertising toward young children not be allowed ?

I want to begin with a really important theme in case of television. The biggest probelm is that experiences over years showed that the consum of television can be affected to young people. The reason is that they are too young understanding, making a difference between the reality and the ficitonal history. As I mentioned before there is a risk that young people can be addicted to television. Now we are talking about the television advertising. The series, films itselves are a potential risk for young people. If we now also watch a lot of films in the television there is a potential risk that the children are getting addicted by the television. 

Despite of the fact that many scientifique researchs showed that it's possible to be addicted to television advertising, I think there is no risk at all. I also watched films and series when I was a kid but my parents told me if I can watch or not. So if there are parents, which are looking for his children, I don't see a problem. I also think it's a bit too much if the state won't allowing the television anymore. 

An other point against the question is that you have to make a difference between a serie/film and a documentary. Television isn't bad at all. It depends on what you watch on Tv. I can remember that I watched many documentaries about the nature, the sun system, the danger of plastic in the sea etc. So I learned more on Television than in the kindergarden

So to sum up I think there are some points, which I thijnk is important to take care of them. That contains the addiciton to television, loosing contact with your friends and others. But I think you shouldn't disallowe the consume of Television, because it's also a big part in the world today also with the digitalizing..