All of the younger generations are often seen as the generation of the internet and social media. But many children nowadays also watch more television instead of playing with their friends. In fact, more and more parents "plant" their kids in front of the television to have some rest or because the child is more calm.
This effect is often used by huge companies, directing their advertisements towards younger children, in order to raise their sales figures. This can be seen as exploiting the children's innocence, since they tend to wish for things they saw and that excited them. The companies actually manipulate the children because especially the younger ones, aged two to five, can't decide whether it is something they really need or if it was simply shown in an advertisement. So should, as a consequence, this advertising be forbidden?
Personally, I don't consider this solution as efficient or neccessary, even if children are nothing but the medium to their parents' money. Enterprises have chosen this method of advertising because they are on current with nowadays' methods of "raising" a child and that televisions are often a part of it. If the parents now think of this advertising as ethically wrong, one also has to think about who is letting two to five year olds sit in front of the TV. So it is actually the parents' duty to raise their kinds sensible to what they are seeing or hearing. For sure, children are manipulated by exciting advertisements and are used to make their parents buy these products, but if parents are upset with that, they shouldn't allow their child to be manipulated. Instead of blaming companies of their poor skills raising their child, they should put more attention to what they are transmitting their child and enlighten them about possible manipulating advertising, even at that young age.
Letting a two year old sit in front of the television is not the right way to silent them and there are a lot of other methods to use in order to excite one's child. So, play with your kids instead of telling media to stop such advertising. You don't need to worry about something, that has no impact on you or your children.