Teachers

Being a teacher is not easy. You have to get on with your students but at the same time you should teach them important stuff. The question is if the teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

A teacher is a person, who got an degree and is specificated on one or more subjects.So that means that he has an excellent knowledge about his subject. He should teach students important things about this subject, which they will need to know in their life. It is important that the students show some respect to the teacher and also the teacher to the students.

The teacher has an big authority. He should get the attention of the students and make them clear that they have to respect him. Of course he should not get to straight with the students, but he should not allow that the students make fun of him.

On the other side, he should make an good impression from the inside. Students should can trust their teacher. As an example, if there is a problem a students would like to talk about, he should not be affraid to tell the teacher. The tachers is not only for teaching his subject here, he is also here for his students when there is a problem.

As well as this, the teacher should get on with his students. Of course there is always someone going to be, who will not like the subject or who will make some noise during the class etc.But the teacher should not lose his temper and yell completely at the student. This also means that he should have some kind of connection with his students. Try to trust them as well and have fun teaching his subject to his students.

In my opinoin it is important for a teacher to have a good connection with his students. A teacher should be there for his students,when they have problems or when they are not good at this subject. But it is also important that he teaches his subject well and uses the excellent knowledge he has. He should not forget that he is responsible for the students, so that they can learn something. So I would say a teacher should can be able to relate on his students but also teaches his subject very well with the knowledge he has.


