The education, the system in which we live would say that it is more important to be excellent informed about a subject. This is very important for the education, for yourself and for you future job. The question is only: Are you happy at the end ? Because this is the most important thing. So if you go to school 13 years for example, and you're educated very well this is good. But a teacher who relate with you very good, youre motivation well be much higher to learn something. 
For example : A teacher who teaches 2 hours excellent about a subject, but who doesn't relate to the students,  much won't listen or remember it. A teacher who from the beginin to the end relates good to the students, much more will listen,ask and learn. Because they are happier. So even if the teacher doesn't knows everything he teaches more. The students who will go to the school with the teachers who have an good relation ship to you , will learn more at the end, even if they know less. The way of teaching is more important than the stuff you teaches. Every subject can be interesting with the right way to teach. 

Of course you can say that even if I hate my teacher, and the hours are boring I learn much with him, at the end, for youre beeing, for yourself it would be better to go with an motivation to school, that you like beeing there. I think it is an psychologic question : how do children learn more ? The relation to the children is more important than the knowing of a subject. It also depence on the background of youre situation. If it is very important that you learn as much as possible, you can ignore the teacher and only listen to the subject and the informations he gives to you. But  this way of educating isn't a good way. You should have fun with learning, and youre motivation should not be that  you will have an great mark, it should be that you learn something.Even if you learn not so much with a worse teacher, but you happier in his hours, you should  go to this teacher which makes you happier. So finally I agree with the statement. But they unluckily they are a lot of teacher who only gives you the stuff that you should learn, and they don't try to have a good realtionship to you. Students also should give more energie in an good relationship to a teacher, this would bring both more. 
