A teacher and student have a special kind of relationship. It is professional but at the same time has some kind of personal touch to it. But is a teacher's ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject that is being thaught?

A teachers job is to teach. That is clear. He doesn't have to be friends with the students, he has to help them learn about a subject that he studied at university. He is the expert and the purpose of his job is to explain and teach about an important matter. If a teacher wants to be friends with the students and relate well with them, but he doesn't really know how to explain math to a struggeling 15 year old girl than he has chosen the wrong job.

At the same time the teacher has to understand the student.He not only has to have the ability to understand them but to support them during their learning process and have a good relationship with them. If a teacher is relatable, the stundents are more interested in him. The teacher can get the full attention of a class if he can relate well with them and if his classes are directed at the students, if he let's them decide with him.  His ability to relate with students easily not only makes his job easier but let's him and his students bond better.
My english teacher for example can bond with my class very well and that makes the lessons much more interesting and exciting. He understands us and supports us a lot. That's an important quality in a teacher.

As a conclusion, I believe that there has to be a good balance betweeen a teacher's ability to co-relate with students and his excellent knowledge of the subject. Of course the teacher has to have good knowledge of the subject that's the groundbreaking point of teaching, but he also has to be there for the students. Explaining something to a group of young people has to be done with passion and best interest for those people. He has to be a mentor and authority person but maybe sometimes a good listener and kind of "friend" too.
