Is a teachers ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

Every day teachers teach students all over the world. Some teachers are better than the others but what makes the difference between the good and the bad ones? There are two important aspects which affect if a teacher is a good or a bad one. Firstly the teachers ability to relate well with students and secondly the knowledge of the subject being taught. Many People think that the ability to relate well with the students is more important but is this true?

The most important thing is that the teacher is able to explain the subject so that the students understand how it works. Of course the teacher needs knowledge to explain the subject but it's even more important that he has the ability to relate well with the students. If the teacher doesen't has this ability the students won't understand what he's trying to explain even if he has an excellent knowledge. 

Secondly teachers with excellent knowledge often have one problem: For them the subject is often really easy and if a student has a problem they have difficulties to help them because it makes sense to them how they explain it but for students who don't have this excellent knowledge about this subject it is hard to understand. If the teacher has the ability to relate well the student he will understand it better even if the teacher doesen't has an excellent knowledge about the topic. 

Finally it is of course important that the teacher has a good knowledge about the topic because if the teacher has problems to understand the subject he wont be able to explain it to the students even if he relates well with the students. 

Overall I think, that it is more important that the teacher has the ability to relate well with the sutdents because even if he has an excellent knowledge he won't be able to teach it well to the students if he doesen't relate well with the students. But of course it is aso important that the teacher has a quite good knowledge about the subject. 