The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed" is very controvers. Every person, who live in today, can imagine a situation like a little child sits infront of a big television and looks at small animated pets. More and more children look often television. As consequenz they are confronted with more and more advertising in television. This is childish advertising but also a way to influence the children and theire parents. If some child sees a nice toy it will go to the parents and wants to have this new toy.
To speak for the advertising advertising is just a form of market, so that it is normal and if parents dont want that theire children look at advertising they have to forbit television for theire children. Also the children are confronted with advertising in all of theire rooms where they are in contact with newspaper oder radio.
A point against the advertising in children television it con be said that yooug children con not difference between real and not real news or in this case advertising. Furthermore children do not can buy something, so that the advertising is more added to the parents of the children, who look television. 
But also children in age of two to five do not have to look much television and with this the advertising. Children have to go outside and play with other children in the same age. In addision to this point children do not learn to challenge with differences with other children because they are not together.
To sum up young children are today confronted in much areas of theire live with advertising, therefore they have to challenge with advertising, but on the other side children, who are aged two to six, are not able to challenge this. So I think, that the advertising be controlled for children. They have to learn that they have to challenge with it but they also be satisfied by theire parents because children have to be putside and play with other children. In this case the parents challenged two problems in one solution. The children dont look taht much advertising and the children are more outside.