In the following text I will explain arguments for and against the statment "A teachers ability to relate well with students is more important than the exellent knowledge of the subject being taught".
Frist I will explain the contra-side of the these. If teachers are more in a good atmosphere intrested, the stuff, what the stundents have orgionally have to learn, will be forgotten. The teachers don´t consentrate at the stuff to learn so the children have less chances to get good school ending notes. So they have less chances to get a place at colleges or for practical learning. A new point is that the children don´t be consentrate at the school lessons so they con not learn effectly. Also they get less informations for exams and the later life. The stundents will have bad exams and in the later life they will have disadvantages against other people wich have had a teacher who was consentrate on the stuff to learn.
Now I will explain the positive arguments of the statment. If there is no strict order to teach in the lessons like a teaching plan the stundents have more fun at school so they will go happyly to their school. The second argument is that the students will have more motivation when they have a good connection to the teachers. If there is a better comunication between teachrs and students it will have positive atmosphere in the school. The stundents can talk to their teachers so they have a personal connection. Also the teachers knowledge about their students is better than when they have the consentration at the stuff to learn. The teachers are more possible to give the students grades because they know more about the person and the characteristics of the person. the teacher know if his student is more quient but interested or if he is totally unintersted. 
To sum up the statment hat advantages and disadvantages. If a school will have a nice and comfortable atmosphere the teachers can be more interested in the good comunication but if the school will have good stundents the school have to consentrate on the stuff to learn.