I can agree and disagree with this statement. On one side the knowledge of the teached subject is very important because only what the teacher knows he can teach to his students. If he doesn't know anything about the subject the students won't learn anything. On the other side a good realtionship with the students is also an important matter. A good relationship between teacher and student improves the atmosphere in the class. Students will like to go in the classes of the teachers with whom they got a good relationship and the students are more willing to learn and it's easier for them. 
Another very important aspect is the age of the students. The older the students are the more important is the knowledge of the subject being taught.  Are the students younger this aspect is less important. Younger students, for example in elementary school, have to learn things in another way in relation to older students. Younger students like to learn by playing games. So the knowledge of the subject is not as important as the way the students got to learn the subject. The teacher in elementary school has to find the best way of learing for their students by making the lessons playful, funny and interesting for the kids. 
Especially in universaties the teacher's ability to relate with students is not important at all. Students go to lectures because they want to learn something and not because they want to be friends with the teacher. In general we could say that the bigger the classes get the more important is the knowledge of the subject being taught. The reason for that is because teachers of bigger classes don't care about the individuals anymore. They care about teaching their knowledge to the students.
For me the statement is true and false at the same time. In this stage of school that I'm in I think it is more important for a teacher to know a lot about his subject. I disagree with the statement because it can't be related to school in general but has to be analysed stage by stage. Level of the intelligence of the students such as age of the students are two crucial aspects for the analysation of this matter.  