In the following text i will discuss the following statment "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. This statement confronts us with an actually theme. 

Much children in this age watch much Tv and plays also games on a computer or tablet. But is this good ? Nowadays it gives much fims and series extra for children in this age, some who they learn something and other to have fun. The most series want  to tell something to the kids an want that they learn much while they looking the films. So they have a good aim. The most things children must learn they learn when they have some people arround them and explore something on their own, they must amke their own mistakes and experience and not a computerperson, who tells them something. 
        Another point is that children needs much activities and must learn, how they can move their bodys correct. When they sits in front of the TV and watch series and films the whole day, they don´t know how they make a thing by theyself.
        Also they don´t build a own creativty or a own meaning, based on their experience, because they don´t have own experience. When children have the chance to play in the garden and learn their something about the nature around them it´s really much better and niecer for the kids, as a television advertising.
       On the one hand the films want the children to learn something what they need in their future and for the school, but on the other hand they confront them with unrealistic computercharacters, which looks really unreal. This is so since a few years, before it gave some nice series for children and not so much like today. The maincharacters their were normal animals or real humans, which talk to the kids.

At the end you can say, that it should be not completly not allowed, but the children must have the chance to make their own experience and they should not be directed with television advertising every day. A little consum is not so bad, when the parents vote a good serie. 
At the end you can they 