Almost every childhood was influenced by the sesam street or the Teletubies. Girls usually watched movies like Cinderella or Barby and Boys watched the Powerrangers or Blue's clues. During a movie or episode there are advertisments like every television channel does. Every boy or girl saw the new toys and immeadiatly everyone wanted it. Clearly, this advertisment isn't meant to be for adulat, but is it even fair to influence those inncocent children through advertisment? In the following text I will discuss if televison advertisment directed toward young children should be allowed.

On the one hand it should be allowed, because children who watch television get influenced anyways by the movies or TV shows, so why shouldn't it be allowed to advertise new toys? Instead of adverstising those new toys hidden in the shows, they represent it clearly as an advertisment. So the companys are actually giving the child a fair chance of deciding and judging because they can see that this is an advertisment.

In addition, we have to look at the economic opportunity children have. The companys can earn a lot of money by advertising directly to young children. Often relatives, like the grandparents, love make them smile and this can be made through a new toy which children see in advertisments. So the children will be happy with their new toy, the grandparents because the child is happy and the companys because they earn money. Everyone wins.

Also, children who watch advertisment in their young ages are later more able to handle advertisments. When you are influenced by those early you also leatrn early that some advertisments might be lies or just not always the same as you expect. With that knowledge you are prepared for the futurte live. So the companies are actually doing good by advertising directly to them.

On the other hand, we have to look at the downside of adversting children when they are young. There is a study that states that children who watch television get strongly influenced and get pushed into a gender stereotype. The big businesses decided that boys like blue and cars and girls like pink and barbies, not hte children on theirselfs. Especially advertisments targets those stereotypes and influences children. 

An other point is that through those advertisments children always have to have the newest toy, which sets pressure on the parents or close relatives and on ther children too. The only winner will be the toy company, becuse they earn and the family looses money.

My last point is that children in that age aren't able to judge and decide weather this is a trick to influence them or just to show them the newest toys. Children are innocent and have no chance to defend themself from that advertisments. It is simply not fair to influence them in that kidn of direction.

All in all, there are many points to look at in that discussion, but I think that we shouldn't allow this or only with regulations, so the children have a chance ti decide.
 