Most television advertisments have to do with dolls or other things, that direct to young children, mostly to children that are aged two to five. Some say that these advertisment shouldn´t be allowed, because it has an big negative influence on the children. But is it really that big of a deal or just some random thing, that will be forgotten in a few months?

These days children are watching more television than a few years ago and it isn´t a surprise that the parents try to find a programm that help their children learn and not to show them some advertisment. Because the advertising toward children is a danger for them. Most parents think that, the children get corrupted by these advertisments into thinking they need this stuff to be cool or trendy or beautiful, so they want the heavy advertising directed toward children to stop. Most children, mostly the children aged two, don´t even know what is said in these advertisments and think because of that, that it´s right what they say about the product. It gave many incedents were children just wanted some product, that had a good looking advertisment but a bad influence on the child itself and many others were children just bought things like makeup and nale polish, to look like the children that are shown in advertisments. That is a huge risk for the children, because the don´t know how to use these things and might do something really risky for their health.

But on the other side are parents the ones who buy their children these stuff and it´s their child so they have to look after them. If they don´t want the young children to do or buy those things they shouldn´t do it either. Because some parents just buy the stuff their children want, they don´t figure out what of an influence it could have on the children. It´s a parents duty to watch out for danger for their children and if they think, that advertisment is a danger they just have to stop their children watching television or stop them from buying products that are shown in advertisments. It´s something the parents have to watch over and they also have the duty to educate their children, so that their children won´t even ask for things in the advertisments. In the end not all television advertisments are wrong and bad for children and if there is one the parents and the child itself has to notice it and turn the television of.

All in all I think that the advertisments are a bit too directed to children, and that it should turn down a bit. But I also think that the parents have to look after their children and they don´t have to buy stuff that has, in their eyes, a bad influence on their children. I say that both sides have to watch it and that they both have to think about the children and not about selling risky things and and buying these risky things.