The television advertising is focused on many different groups of persons for example old people, teenagers etc. Commercials aged for two to five year old children are very profitable for the advertisers because the young children wanna buy it so they ask their parents if they can buy it. The parents agree and buy it. That wasn't the only commercial focused on young children so they will ask the parents again and again. The advertiser receives a lot of money with that advertising strategy but for the parents it is very annoying and financially a hard task to manage. For example a young boy wants to have a remote-controlled car that he saw in the commercial but the parents already bought eight other toys. The parents won't buy any toys for this boy anymore because they think that he has enough toys he can play with. The boy has another opinion. The eight toys he already has aren't so good for him anymore because he wants something new. He never had a remote-controlled car, he has never seen something like that before, he wants to test it wether it is fun to play or not. It is not only looking very fun and interesting for him. The problem is that the parents don't want to waste their money over and over again for their little son because they could invent it for somethimg different that is more needed than a toy. A young child doesn´t understand something like that because he/she isn't confronted with financial problems. When the young boy listens that he won't receive that remote-controlled car he will be unhappy and sad. The parents doesn't know what to do, he is crying without a break. They think the only way to stop the crying of the young son is to promise him that they will buy another toy that they are financially able ti buy. The advertiser makes a lot money with that and the parents have to suffer from it. Is that really fair? I don't think so because it is obvious that a child will receive toys, for example in his birthday, New Year's Eve etc.. The commercials are making it more difficult for the parents to manage that. 