Teachers should teach their students but they also have to make fun with them. They should develop a realtion between the class and every student But it´s very complicated for every teacher to make a cut. They have to be very strict but also very patient. But is it more important that a teacher relate well with students or that teachers teach them for a good knowledge?

In our time a lot of teachers are very friendly and make a lot of funny things with their classes. They plan some class trips or play games during the lessons. The problem ist therby that teachers forget to teach their students. They don´t get the whole teaching plan finish and the students arn´t prepared for the exams. 
Teachers should be funny after exams and after they done their work with the students. 
Students are often very mad and think that they don´t have to do the things what teachers said. So the teacher should be a also a strict person. The students have to learn that they have a boss who give them their excercises. They have to be patient in front of the teachers. 
It´s also important to mention that teachers studied at a university. So they should have a good knowledge and they must have the qualities to teach students. If they don´t have the character or the knowledge for beeing a teacher, they have to search for another job. 
Moreover students go to school to be ready for life. They have to learn a lot. Especially when they want to study at an university. So it would be very good when they would have a well teacher who has a bright knowledge about the things he is teaching about. 

All in All I would say that a teacher should be a nice and friendly person. Teachers should make a lot of fun with their students but they have also to teach them. A lot of students need a strict teacher who give them rules and bring them into the right way. I would even say that a teacher is a little parent. He takes care of their children and he wants the best for them. It´s imporant to have a good relation to the class but school is for get a good knowledge and a well done preparation for life. So it´s more important that teacher have a excellent knowledge of their subject being taught. That´s why the state pays him.
