Advertisement - specially used in television - is sometimes really annoying. When children are watching television and there are breaks for advertisement it could be really difficult for the parents to explain their children why they see these advertisement. In the following essay I will name explain my opinion to the theses: Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.
The first point for the theses is that children normally don't be watching any tv. Children in the age of 2 to 5 should be playing with other children. You can't really let these children watch something because even if you let them watch special children programm they can see things they dont are allowed to see. And if they watch news which also can be shown on the children channel and see something about war it really can be traumatic. 
The first point against the statement is the point that the children can watch to something even if they don't understand that is directed to them. They will build up a connection to the tv and can understand the meaning of watching television. It can really be helpful to watch to something between the original programm in what children also are connected. To name an example: Sometimes television shows advertisement directed to children in which they show new pampers or  milk. In this case the advertisent isn't only directed to the parents - it's also directed to the children. 
The second point which is for the theses is that children don't understand what they see in television. Television normally is directed to parents and aged people. There are special channels for children in which advertisement is easier to understand. But it doesn't allowed children to watch it because sometimes there are advertisement with sexual content which not is helpful for children. An example is the German television channel super-rtl which normally shows special programms for children. Soemtimes they also show advertisement which should not be shown to children. 
To sum up all the aspects I can say that in my opinion advertisement directed to children (aged two to five) shouldn't be allowed - so I agree with the statement - because children shouldn't be watching tv in younger years. It really can be shown something in which the content isn't that good as in other advertisement. So let the children play and parents watch tv. :)