What is more important: That a teacher can relate well with their students, or that they have very good knowledge of the subject they're teaching?
This is a controversial question commonly debated among teachers in all kinds of schools and universities. 
In the upcoming text I shall name arguments which back up or disagree with the statement that the ability to relate well with students is more crucial than having a lot of knowledge about the subject one is teaching.

A reason that would speak against the statement is that without proper knowledge of the subject, a teacher's reply to a question is not always right. Excellent knowledge of whatever you're teaching prevents this and guarantees that your reply is (almost) always right. So for instance, when you're teaching math and one student comes up to you and asks: "Sir, what is 2+2?", you're going to reply "4" if you are a capable teacher. If you're not, you may give a wrong answer which would be very detrimental to the student's knowledge since you are spreading false information.

However, if you're a teacher that cannot relate well with your students, there is a great chance that you are going to misunderstand the students' questions. This, of course, would result in a lot of unsolicited replies that do not help your students at all. They will have to repeat the question until you actually understand what they're exactly asking for. I've had to deal with a lot of weird replies from teachers that gave completely unrelated answers.

Disagreeing with the statement is the fact that if you're not exactly omniscient and can't answer all students' questions competently, you're going to google a lot of things, which will result in a lot of wasted time. I've had a teacher that used to say - when she was not able to answer a question - "ask Google!" This is not how lessons should be as teachers should be competent enough to answer the students reliably and competently.

But being able to relate well with the students well means that you probably have good chemistry. This is very beneficial to the learning environment
 of the students. For example, I had a teacher that was not very competent, however she could relate to us students and we had a very comfortable learning atmosphere.

The biggest argument against the statement is that if you don't know a whole lot about your subject, you are not going to be able to teach well. You're going to teach a lot of wrong stuff which can only harm the students. 

However, if you can relate to them, you can also teach 