In order to anwser the question above, I think that we must first define what a teacher's job is. However, there is a huge difference in the duties of a kindergarden teacher, a primary school teacher, a highschool teacher, and a college "teacher". While kindergarden teacher mostly help moderate the atmosphere in class, a primary school teacher has to make learning fun for children whilst doing so. In highschool, students has be be introduced in all subjects of academia, and in college, the, no longer called a teacher, professor shares his insights and knowledge he aquired over the years with students willing to listen to him. This is of couse a very simple and rudimentary abstract of what a teacher realy does, i.e. all teacher must prepare their pupils for their future life etc.

Now to anwser the queston whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students or excellent knowledege of the subject being taught is more important, in my humble opinion, we have to differentiate between the different stages of life their students are in. For kindergarden teacher and primary school teachers, the ability to relate well with students is far more importnat than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. The teacher must be able to mediate between students, and forever be willing to lend an ear to those needing. This is impossible if the teacher is not liked by the students, whats more, primary school subjects are generaly rather easy, so achieving "excellent knowledge" in things such as addition if much easier in primary school. In highschool, the teacher must find a balance between these criterias. While solid basic understanding of the subject they teach is more than important, as the students are to be introduced in the subject, basic human interactions must not be left aside. I know better than any one else how important being liked as a highschool teacher is, as I am still a highschool student. In college however, a professor has no obligations what so ever to do any of the aforementioned. The only thing they are obliged do is to spread knowledge, and that they have to do well. So excellent knowledge of the subject taught is more than importand for a college professor.

All in all, it is, as is many other questions in life, impossible for me to give a definitive anwser, but I hope this essay could be a reference for people who has to make the decisions. 


PS. I realy want to add a sentence starting with "Thus", because I know how much you guys love these, but I couldn't fit it in my essay, thus I gave up.(sorry)

PPS?. Is it called PPS or PSS when I want to add something to the PS?