Everybody knows that television advertising is a lot about overreacting and false statements. People in our age know what is true and what is false. But what about the little children that get confronted with those advertisings every single day? Does it has an influence on them or should it be banned from the television?

First of all little children at the age two to five have no idea what money is. When they see something they want they scream and cry until they get it. They don't care if it costs a lot money because they have no idea what is. They are easily impressed and that's what advertising do what isn't correct and should be banned from TV. They show little kids something that even hasn't to be true just to get the money of their parents because they know that the kids don't care if a toy costs an amount of money. And the worst thing is that the toys aren't even that good as shown in the advertising and that leads us to problem number two.

The industry doens't care what happens with their products as long as they are bought. They would sell a dangerous toy to a little child or something that doens't belong in the hands of a five year old just to get money. Technologies like mobile phones, tablets or video games that are only for adults are made attractiv for children in advertising. Those games have an influence on those children. It shouldn't be allowed to show little children what a computer is, how cool they are and that they need one for example to have fun on a long car trip with the family.

The last point is that those advertisings make looking television for young children attractiv. By seeing cool toys on TV they get stuck to it and keep watching and with that they start to see things that isn't meant for young eyes for example movies for adults, advertising for adults or even gaming shows.

In my opinion young children shouldn't even be in the near of a television nor of another technology. If they see a toy in the store that they like and they want to buy it then they should have it because they want to explor it and not because some movie spots made false statements about it. In the other hand there isn't such a thing as getting out with the little kids and have with them outside in the yard or in the forest. No advertising ever said they should get out and have fun with other children or their family.