So I sit five days per week in the school and have many lessons. And of course I don't understand everything. But sometimes I ask myself if it's really my fault, or the teacher's, because they can't even teach the stuff. So I want to discuss today, is a teacher’s ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

Maybe it doesn't matter, or it's more important to have an excellent knowledge instead of the ability to relate with students, because it's your job to teach the students the stuff of your subject. So if the students don't understand it, maybe they just don't understand it or they won't understand it. For example I saw it many times, that the teacher explained a topic many times to one and the same student but the studen won't never understand it, so it's the fault of the student and not of the teacher.

Another reason is, that it's more important to have an excellent knowledge. The students havn't anything from it, if you can teach very well, but your knowledge is full of failures and you teach them these failures very well than.


But you can see, it doesn't matter if you know everything of a topic for example "math", it's pretty good for you, but if you want to be a teacher and you can't bring the stuff you have to teach well to your students, you're a bad teacher, because it's your job to make the students understand your subject.

Another example is, that you have to have a nice connection to your students. They have to like you and they have to want to follow your lessons so basically they have to want to learn your subject. But if you're like a grumpy old university professor in a elementary school, no student want to follow your lessons, even if you're teaching very well.

Nevertheless you have to plan a nice lesson. It should'nt be dry and boring, so the students will loose very fast their concentration and start to focus on other things, like the rain outside or even their pencil. So it's on you to build up your lessons creative and with many new things, for example: partner work, presentations, maybe even a movie. But if you just write down things on the black board and the students ahve to write it down and in follow of that they have to make some work, no student will follow truely the lesson.

So in my opinion it's really important that the teacher can relate well witht he students, or better, there should be lessons for teachers "how to hold a lesson", so every teacher get the chance to hold a good lesson and every student get the chance to learn the maximum out of it.