The question that I'm gonna talk about is, if television advertising should be allowed, which is mostly focused towards young children in the age between two and five years.
Advertising has a big impact on how someone is thinking about certain things. Young children are more affected by those ads than older people.

One thing that i don't like about these advertisings is, that they use lights, colours and camera movements, that give the children the toughts that they need this toy. Not because they like it, but because they need it. And if they ask they parents the same question over and over again, most parents give up and purchase their kid that toy.

A positive feature, that these ads give, is that children don't feel out of place, because only ads for their parents is shown. The ads for a younger group is mostly shown on channels, that are general made for younger kids. If ads for a new car are shown there, children can't do anything with that information they give. With ads for their age, they interests are spoken to, not from their parents.

*

+

My opinion about these ads is, that kids shouldn't get that feeling that they need it. But I'm not against advertisings. Ads must be made, so a channel can pay their staff and other costs. And companies do these ads targeted towards children, because it works. Most parents wan't to give their child anything, so he or she is happy. I'm not against ads targeted towards young children, if parents don't like, that their kids watch ads, they should do something with their kid between ad break.

* Another bad thing about ads targeted towards children for the children, is that they don't do something else between ad breaks and waste alot of their life time. But not only when they are kids, later they also watch ads, because they are used to it. This is something that companies wan't. They obviously wan't that their ads are being watched, but this, as i already pointed out, a big time waster. But ads need to be that way, so parents should do something against that.

+ With advertisings towards younger children, they learn how to have an opinion on something. Or with the help of their parents, they learn how to use their money correctly or that they don't need everything they see. This will open the gates for a healthier lifestyle, because they already know, that they don't need everything to be happy. But this can only be achieved with help from their parents. If the parents are strong minded, they can help their kids not to worry about everthing they see.