Teacher. We all had our favorite one's and those where we just wanted to leave. But how can we define a good teacher? What is more important, the ability to relate well with the students or an excellent knowledge of the subject the teacher's teaching?  

First of all,  of course it's relevant what the teacher knows about a subject. If he has no clue what he's talking about the hall class is learning facts that aren't true. 
Secondly it makes teacher often motivated if they've got an excellent knowledge because they love their subject and love talking about it.
And last but not least, the teacher has the ability to answer also more difficult questions, those who go deeper into a subject. Because in every class is at least one person who wants to know more about something.

On the other side it wasn't really said that the teacher has no knowledge. His knowledge is just not excellent, so it doesn't go into the deepest details. And if you don't know too much about an subject, but the things your students have to learn, I guess that's more than enough. Because when you know more you also want to teach more and this can confuse the students because every student learns in a different tempo.
And also if a teacher is really motivated and he loves talking about his subject, this doesn't automatically mean that all the students are motivated. So it's more important that the teacher can motivate his class and for this he needs the ability to relate well with every single student.
And because of te last point. As was said, there is at least one person who wants to know more. But the rest of the class wants to understand the basics. So what is more important? That one student learns more or that all students understand the basics? I think it's clear, ever'y student has the right to understand the basics and this is just possible when the teacher knows how to teach. And for this he has to explain in a simple way and make things as easy as possible.

So it can be said that an excellent knowledge has it's positive sides. But if we look for the hall class, it's more import


