There are many teachers which are excellent, but there are many teachers who aren't that good either. Is it just the knowledge of the course they're teaching or  are there any other abilities? What is really important is that they can relate well with students. But what is more important: Having knowledge of the subject they're teaching or the relation with the student?

First, i want to say that it is really important to relate well with student. Otherwise there won't be any connection between the teacher and the student. A connection is important beacause a student does sometimes need a adult person he has trust to. If a student has a question concerning a subject, he shouldn't be afraid to ask. If he has trust in the teacher, he will ask him because he knows that the teacher will help him. Otherwise the student is to afraid to ask the teacher, what has as consequence that he will never understand the subject; furthermore he'll maybe even won't understand new subjects because he didn't get the last subject, which is needed in the new subject.

On the other hand, a teacher also needs to be good. He needs to understand what he's talking about. If the teacher has full trust from all his students but still hasn't got a clue what he's talking about he wont help any of his students. Students may have trust in him and ask questions, but he wont have the skills to answer them. Knowledge is way more important than the ability to relate with students. If a teacher has great abilities everybody will understand his class and there won't be many questions. Even if there are questions, the students know that the teacher has got skills and that gives them trust to ask. There is no need for a teacher who can perfectly relate with students, if a teacher knows what he's talking about the class will be successful.

In my opinion the abilities are above the connection between a student and a teacher. A good teacher isn't defined by the abilities to connect with a student, more by the way he's teaching and explaining things. That gives students trust.