If advertising is good or not is a theme since years. The statement 'Televison advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed' is officially against it. However there are some points which are for television advertising. Companies need to do that, they do these product placements to earn money. Without it they would earn less so it is very important for them. Another reason why it should not be allowed is that children want these things more and more. In this young age they should not think about that because when they don't get it, they try to get it on another way. These ways can be dangerous when they steal it or they steal money from the portmoinee of their parents, both illigeal.
However there are also reasons for television advertising, children can discover more, find new things and maybe new hobbies. They can learn what goes on in the world. They don't need to do it on the way adults would do it and the world has changed since our parents were young so we find new ways to discover the world, with technologie for example. 
To sum it all up televison advertising is good, it is important for companies and stores to earn money but not when it is directed toward young children. These things buy their parents, so there is no need to make advertising for. I think to forbidden television advertising directed to kids is too hard, they should make a law to show customers theirs products on another way. In the world of television is enough advertising so children don't need to have their own. on the one ha d it's important for companies to sell their stuff to new people and also to the youngest of us but these kids mostly don't have money as I said before, their parents buy them the things they want or need. It's good to show parents what they can buy for their kids but most of them don't get what they want just because of advertising. In a store you get held from people who work there, in television you just see the product and don't know if it's good or not. To show products advertising is good but it's not what the world really needs.