This statement is a very controversial one. It asks if young children (aged two to five) should get specialised television advertisement. On one hand I don't believe there exists a lot of ads for young kids that age, at least not on a channel like Kika. I remember that, when I watched Kika, there was absolutely no advertising at all other than for their shows during primetime or so. Also, I don't believe that kids that age watch that much TV so that most of the ads made don't even reach them. But I still think that small children should get to know what kind of toys, etc. exist so that they get an idea of what they like and what they want, e.g. for Christmas. 
However, I do believe that advertising does make things look better than they actually are and the small children shouldn't need to deal with the 'real world' yet. By saying this I mean the fact that the stuff being advertised may break easily or isn't as cool as it seemed to be whilst watching the commercial. Also, I believe that most of the toys are overpriced.
As an example I have a little boy aged four watching his favorite TV show. Suddenly, a commercial comes up speaking of the newest Playmobil boat that can float and be on the water, etc. He thinks that it looks so cool in the commercial so he puts it on the wishlist for his birthday. Then, his birthday comes up and he actually gets the ship and is excited and happy about the (very expensive!!) present his parents made him. He starts putting the ship toghether and then, finally, puts the boat onto water in the bathtub. At first, the boat floats so he wants to jump in and play with it which he then does. After 20 minutes of playing the boat starts to fill with water and gets heavier and heavier. Then, it sinks and breaks and the boy is sad and crying. Still, the company is happy because they have the money.
To conclude, I agree with this statement and after looking at both sides, I believe that there shouldn't be commercial for those children because usually there are overpriced products with low quality being advertised. Also, I think that children don't necessairily need advertising to know what they want for their birthday or so.