Well this depends on the subject and the grade in my opinion. It`s allways a advantage to relate to your students. When you can relate to your students, you also can understand the pressure they have. For example when you teach a class which is at the end of their school  education. So when a student totally fails in one exam you might be nice enough to not be so harsh on his or her grade. On the other hand it is also important that you have an excellent knowledege of the subject you teach. A teacher with excellent knowledge can prepare the students better for their A-levels, also you are in capel of answering questions correctly and giving your students as much information as you can. Maybe some extra knowledge which is not on the teachers plan to give your students a little advantage over others who didn`t worked on this. However if you can relate to your students, you may be able to understand them better than other teachers would do, but oh the other hand the students could use you to get better grades for less work. So you still should be a person who your students treat with respect. An excellent konwledge can also mean more work for stundents. Maybe you want the stuents to know everything so you put a lot of pressure on them. This nis not only stressfull for you but also stressful for the students. In conclusion I think that it would be better to have a teacher with an excellent knowledge on the subject being taught because he or her can prepare their students better for their very important A-levels. Also even it means more stress as a student, it is an advantage to have more information in your pretty little head than others. Also a teacher with an excellenty knowledge csn help a struggeling student more with answering questions or giving them extra material  helping them to understand everything better. A teacher with an excellent knoweldge is way more imporntant. Still the best combination is a teacher who has an excellent knwoledge and can relate to the students, but I think that a teacher is always able to relate to the students even when it is only a little bit. Espacially teachers who also have kids by themselves. You always can handle kids or teenagers better when you also have kids at home, practically you understand their way of thinking and their behavior better than a somebody without kids. So even a teacher with an excellent knowledge can relate to the students but if I had to decide, the knowledege is way more important.