If the students like a subject or not often depends on the teachers. The subject and the teacher are often just one "thing" for them. It is very important that a teacher can represent their subject in a interessting way or the lesson is just another boring hour of school you almost fall asleep. One of the most important ability a teacher must have is explaining. Being able to explain the facts to the students and be patient if they don't understand it the first time.

Of course it's very important that the teachers know a lot about the subject they're teaching because we have to learn all this stuff. The most important point of school is to enlarge our knowledge and learn how to use it. But a lot of teacher are excellent in their subjects and know almost all about it but they can't teach. For the students that is difficult. Sometimes they don't understand or don't know what to do with this knowledge. So school is boring and they don't like this subject. If you don't like it you are not motivated to go to school and learn something. It's a lot more difficult to listen what the teacher is saying, to understand something and to study before the test. I mean you don't like the subject anyway why should you invest that much time for something you dont like when you could do something you really like?

So a good teacher is very important. In some subjects the teachers use a lot of different teaching forms like presentations, reading text, discussions, tasks on the computer, short movies and so on. The lesson remain interessting and you learn a lot more because you can build "relationships" to the theorie and remember them afterward. Doing practical exercises useally bring some changes in to the monoton school day. If you like her/him personal it's again easier. School should be a place you like to go because you spend nine years almost every day there.

A good teacher should have a good mix of knowledge and ability to explain the subject. Students can see if the teacher loves their subject and can get excited about it too. 