Television advertising is always directed towards the group of people that should take use of the product. Young children are easy victims for manipulation and especially through media like television. So should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed or not?
Advertising in any form is very important for the economic stucture. It helps the companies reach more customers and when it comes to children they can easily sell their product with the use of bright colors and happy faces. 
On the other hand children are not well aware of what exactly is happening in front of their eyes. A screen is often misjudged as reality and so they get diffrent ideas of what is real and what not. When a children's toy is advertised when surrounded by creatures like faries and cute animals, it is not only the assositaion with positive fealings that is created but also a diffrent reality of a toy coming with faries and animals.
Through advertisments the child that is still in need of education by its parents is also told what it needs to be happy. Children are more curious than anyone else and they want to know what makes the people on the screen so happy. But this can create the thought that materialisic worth is the most important to be happy. That might lead to jealousy between chilren and not worshipping things like friendship or nature that should be experienced and explored as a child and people at any age.
Parents should be aware of what their child is watching and wether they are being influenced too much in what they want to have or play with. But forbidding watching advertisments or having advertised toys is not the best way. By seeing what their friends play with what they do not have children might get frustrated and feel left out and beg their parents for that as consequence.
Companies and television programms are responsible for showing those advertisements so they are the ones who should restrict the amount of advertisements. 
In my opinion advertiements for video games or useless, expensive things should not be allowed because they are not supporting the child's development or are woth their price.
