In this essay I will write about the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught". I will argument wheter I agree or disagree on this statement. 

A techer's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. One argument pro this statement is that if you have a nice teacher or you colloquate well with that teacher, you rather go to that teacher's class. Even though that teacher isn't the best one in his subject. 
If it occurs that one has a teacher that one may dislike, it is probable that one also does not like the subject.

A teacher's ability to relate well with students is not more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. An argument that would support the statement from the previous sentence would be that one teacher may only have an ordinary positive relationship with only some of his students. This would cause the other students, who do not have such a great relationship with their teacher to feel that they may not be treated in the right way.
Another reason why a teacher's ability to relate well with students is not more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught may not be good,
is that a student who relates well with a teacher but that teacher may not have the greatest knowledge of the subject being taught will not achieve as much knowledge as a student with a worse relationship with another teacher but a better knowledge about the subject being taught. This will give the first student a lack of knowledge in that one specific subject conversely to the other student that was taught by the teacher with a better knowledge. And that is the point of going to school: Having the greatest possible knowledge of the subject.

All in all that it's important to relate well with your teacher, but it's important too for a teacher to have a decent knowledge about the subject he is teaching.
This is why I can't definitely agree or disagree on the the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught".