Teachers are very different. For some it is more important to have a friendly relation to there students, for other it is more important that students know all about a subject they know. But whats is for us , the stundets , more important?
Of course it is necessary that teachers say as much as they can about a subject. Students are in school to learn and for that they need man information. How could they write a good note if they don´t know anything about a subject? 
What they learn is not only foe an exam important. Maybe student need that later in the job, or in next class, or maybe when they go study. So what they learn in lesson, they learn for life. And even when it is a subject they don´t care about, they have to do something if they write an exam. You learn that you must do things you really don´t want to do because you don´t care. And that it is imprtant for life. There are many situations like that and if you never learned how to carry with that you will never do it even when it´s necessary.
On the other side it is important to have a good realtion to your students. It´s the same by everyone: If you don´t like a person you don´t want to go to her/him. You don´t feel good, you are in a bad mood and so the quality of what you do is very bad. Why should you bring good argument when they person ypu talk to is against it, no matter what you say. 
A good relation is important to get more people motivated. Maybe you don´t like a subject, if the teacher is really nice you will automatically do more for this subject. You want that your teacher is happy about what you did. 
If you have a better relation than a "normal" teacher have, students will tell you more personal things. Sometimes it is important to help a girl or a boy. You see the person behinde the notes and maybe you know why e.g. he write really bad ones. Maybe it is just a familiy-thing and you are the one who care about her and help her than look just away. Teachers shouldn´t be just teachers. You spend so many time with them. It should be a person who you can trust and who cares about you when something isn´t right.
All in all it is important that students learn all that they need. But you can´t do a good lesson if only unmotivated students are sitting in front of you. So a good relation in necessary . Students have more fun and more fun means more motivation and better notes. You spend a lot of time with them so ot should be a person who accept you as a person, and not you as a machine of notes.