At some schools teachers had problems with theire students, which leads to the point that theire students don´t feel well in the classroom and also some of them start to do less for school. In the following text I will explain the following statement:
" A teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than exellent knowledge of the subject being taught." For this I will use some arguments for both sides and at the end I will give my own oppinion to this topic.

I will begin with the positive ones.
First you have to say that if a teacher has a better ability to relate well with his students it could be that they will learn more because they will like the subject more because of the teacher. It is important that you learn something at school but if you liked the subject more than other subjects you normaly do more to get good grades.
This point leads also to the next argument. It also aould happen that the stundents of the teacher could understand more things in the lesson. I know that this point is a bit like the one before but in my opinnion it is necessary to name it again. If kids had more fun in school they wouldnt play comuputer games after school or chatting with their friends. It could lead to the point that they would do more for school so that the class would get better.
It could be also helpful for the "relationship of the class". A teacher with very good ability to relate is somebody where students could talk to if they had problems, for example with mobbing, because of other students or sometimes with other teachers, or ingenerell if they had problems at home with their family. 
If the relationship in class is better, than also some children would ask oftener other stundents of their class to help them if they don´t understand someting. 

But there are also negative points.
The howl thing could also lead to the point that the stundents could be more lazy than before or than they ever be before because they don´t respect the teacher anymore. This leads to that they would stop to do things for school or ingenerell they will do less than before so that the grades will not be better.

At the end you could say that both sides are important. On the one hand the teacher´s ability to relate well with students and on the other hand the excellent knowledge of the subject and beeing taught. If a teacher has an exellent ability to relate well with the stundents it could be that there will be less mobbing and that the students will get better in school but it also could lead to the point that they will get lazy and stop to respect theire teacher.
So you could say that the best solution would be a teacher which has both of this points. 