Teachers have to be able to reach the students and be able to talk to them on another, special level. They have to know all of their students very well without knowing to many personal things about them. Different students learn in different ways and the teacher has to be able to know which way is the best for one student to learn and understand. Analyzing their behaviour and being able to respond prperly to that is a very important ability a good teacher has to have. Without these skills the teacher will not be able to teach the students in a way that is enjoyable but also helpful for them. 

Knowing about the subject you are teaching is important because otherwise you would not be able to teach others something that will expand their knowledge. There would be the chance that you tell them something wrong and the students will think of everything you say as the right thing because you are the teacher and have to know better that they do so they will trust you and your knowledge. 

But if a teacher is just well informed about what he is teaching he will not reach the students with what he is saying. He has to be convinced about what he is saying and has to be having fun teaching his subject too. If that is given the teacher will be able to convice the students with what he is saying and they will realise that the teacher is having fun and the lessons will be much more enjoyable for both, the teacher and the student.

To say that the relation between teacher and students is more important than knowing absoluteley everything about your subject is very true in my opinion. If the students do not feel like they are on a good level with their teacher they will not feel good during the lessons and will not be able to concentrate on what the teacher tries to tell them and will not really try to understand him either. If someone is sympathic to you you will try much harder to understand what they try to tell you and you will make a bigger effort just because your relation with the teacher is good.

Concluding knowledge is important in the job of a teacher but being able to relate to the students and understand them is even more important. Even if you do not know everything and you might have to look up some things at certain times you can be a very good teacher if you are convinced by what you are saying and have a good relation to the students so that they feel good and safe being taught by you. So I definitely agree with the statement above.