In the following text will give arguments for and against the statement "A teacher's ability to realte well with student is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught."
At first if a teacher do not really know his subject there is a high risk of giving a wrong answer or explain something which is not right. This would lead to an uncorrect knowledge which the students have and if they get for example another teacher they can a have a big problem because of that. 
The goal a school want to achieve should be that the students learn as much as they can and for that knowledge is important. If a student do not undesrtand the explanation of the teacher might not know another way to explain it because he or she have not learned different ways to get to the right sollution. Especially in math is that a very important. 
On the other hand the knowledge is something a teacher can improve and if he or she does not know the answer during the lesson he or she has still the chance to look it up later and correct his or her answer. With the abilitiy to realte to students well it is not the same because it is very hard to improve that. It is not really something you can learn. Maybe with experience the teacher can improve but it will still not be the same. 
The ability has may advantages because it leads to a better atmosphere in the class which is very important. With a bad atmosphere the students do not like to go to school or there might be more fights, but a good atmosphere helps the students to learn more easy and also more. The teacher can relate to them more easily and is in the position to understand their questions better to give a more precise answer. 
If there is for example a shy person in the class who does not trust to say something during a lesson because she is afraid the others can laugh at her, a goog atmosphere and a teacher that can relate to her well might give her the courage to say more and get a better mark. 
I totally agree with the statement. I think there are much more advantages than disadvantages for the class with a teacher who can relate to them like the good atmosphere and a better learning process. The teacher can still improve his or her knowledge or look things up. 