Who do you want to be your teacher? The one that only did excellent grades in school and graduated best at university? Or the one that had his difficulties from time to time, and always managed to just pass the exams, but could hardly manage to make an excellent mark?

Before anwering the before mentioned questions, there has to be defined, what the teachers taks are.
Summed up in one senctence, the teacher has to pass his knowledge to his students, and bring them on the same level, like him. Reading that, sounds like the teacher only needs to know about his subject, and needs to tell his knowledge to the students. Sounds easier than it is, because it does not work like this at all. One student is hardly able to concentrate, some students are messing around, one students understands everything perfectly and one student tries to listen, but just does not understand the subject. So what does the teacher need to do? He has perfect knowledge, hasn't he? So just explain it again and again, until everybody gets it. Well, it won't work like that, because if that one student listened all the time, but does not understand the subject, he won't understand it either if the teacher simply repeats his explanation over and over again. But the teacher, that had just excellent grades in school himself, can not relate with the student, and does not understand, which part of the subject is that hard to understand. This student won't pass, without help.
When we have the same situation, but that time the teacher is the one that had troubles in school himself, the student is in a much better situation. This teacher knows, where his own troubles were when he was back in school, so he also remembers, what helped him to understand the subject. He is able to put himself in the student's situation, and can detect and solve the problem. 
In my opinion this statement is absolutely true. Of course every teacher needs to have a good knowledge of the subject he intends to teach, nevertheless is a good knowledge of relating with students as necessary as knowledge of the subject. 
To sum up, I want to make clear, that I totally agree with the statement. 