In this essaay the follwoing statmement should be discussed wether its accurate or mostly inaccurate. The statement I am going to talk about is 'Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.'.
First of all we need to understand why televison advertising toward children coul be a problem in present-day society. In my opinion parents who allow their children wathing TV a lot during the day, take a big risk about them concerning the own opinion of their children. They may get influenced really fast and even stop thinking on their own if they realised that they may get everything they want to know in a simple TV-show. This is really dangerous because they probably do not even realise that they are influenced and they may thing that everything they see in a TV-show is totally true. This could be a problem for parents if the children get influenced really bad and than want to have everything they see in television advertising or even thing that it is totally necerssary to have like this special toy they showed while the televison advertising in a TV-show. 
At the other hand it is necesarry to say that there are many TV-shows that are mostly adapted for children to learn about simple things concerning their age or they already learned about in kindergarten. If a child is watching TV once in a while it might not be that dangerous to also show some advertising for children because if the TV-show itself is adapted for children this age, the advertising also should be. The problem just does not disappear with TV-shows adapted for little children. Firstly, its possible that children may see thing in TV while the parents are not watching and secondly children are also pretty likely to get obsessed with several TV-shows or thing shown in telvesision advertising even if it is adapted for them or even more because of that.
So to end this essay about the statement above there is a last, pretty strong argument agains TV advertising toward young children in my opinion. Many parents struggle with the amount of money they have to pay for raising their child. Good example for this may be single-parent moms that have to pay everything alone, raise their child alone and still also have to go working to gain money. These parents hardly can afford money to buy expensive toys the child sees in TV advertising. But if the parents can not afford this money the children may compare theirselfs to others and become pretty unhappy.
So, in my opinion TV adverising for children is not a good ideá because it does not only affect the life od