Students love good lessons and fun with teachers. Learnign is much funnier when you have a good relation to the teacher. Now, people ask themselves what is more important: a good relation or good knowledge.
In my opinion it is important that the teacher is able to relate well with his students. In our class there is the case that our teacher can not really relate with us. We also get the feeling that he is not very excellent in his knowledge about the subjects or questions we ask him. So we got two extreme scenarios becoming true. Our teacher is not able to relate with us and is is additionally he is not able to teach us in the way we want to be taught. We want to be tauught in a challenging way. That leads me to the thought that the situation would be different if he was well-informed. When a teacher knows what he is talking about, the students act mostly in a respectful way with him. That supports the relation between teacher and student. Of course it is nice when the teacher is relaxed and can relate very good with his students but that does not confirm that his ways of teaching are the best.
I disagree with the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Lessons could be funnier but also easier. This can not lead to a better knowledge from the students. When the teacher is not able to teach his students the right way, the students are not able to achieve excellent knowledge because the teacher does have it neither. Another point is the disadvantages the students have after graduation. Maybe they had a good and funny time in school but actually the time got wasted because they did not learn anything. Therefore, a teacher who is excellent informed about the subject is better than  a teacher who acutally does not know much more than his students. Students go to school to learn and it is a shame when the school can not give this priviledge of learning because of a teacher's disability. Although, the teacher should not be too strict because then students do not get very motivated to learn.
As a result I want to present a great teacher from our school. He is funny and you can joke with him but the lessons are always productive and interesting. This is the best mixture a teacher can have: being able to have a relatively good realtion to the students but also focusing on why they came to school and how they try to teach the students in the best way.