The statement "A teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important then excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught." brings up many aspects for and agianst it. 
Firast of all it is important that a teacher realates well with his students because if he does, nearly all stundets like the lessons. If he is sypathic and nice to his students they may want to learn more or it is easier for them to understand what he teaches them. They may have more fun whilst learning and they talk more with the teacher because they do not think anymore that he does not like them and hate them for evevry wrong sentence or opinion they are telling him. Everyone knows the moment when a teacher comes into the room with an angry face and just say what the students have to do during the lessons. All students become unfriendly and do not want to have this lesson with an angry teacher likke him. They just wanted that the lesson os over as fast as possible, do not want to learn anything and have a talk with the other students about last weekend or stuff like this. 
Another aspect is the knowledge of teacher. If their knowledge is not well, they ca not teach their students much. Maybe the teach them wrong information or can not explain how it works. For example a teacher with no knowledge about the sun and how the earth rotates around the sun can not explain the kids how it works. This problem causes to not understanding information for the students who my think they would like to go home and search on youtube for a video which explains the rotation of our system much better than the teacher in front of the class. 
This also leads to the problem that the teacher may not relates well with his students. He can not teach them in a godd way, so the students do not learn enought or do not want to learn anymore and also do not relate well with their teacher because teh do not like him.
In contrast to this it is important that the teacher has a well knowledge but it does not mind if he does not relate well with his students. We all know that kind of teacher who knows more than the whole class together could do but is not kind. 
Listening to him and his knowledge becomes boring and the students look out the windows,cill and do not want to listen anymore and at the end of the lesson they do not know what the teacher toild them. They have to go home and learn for their own. Find out all information the teacher had already told again and try to learn.
All in all teachers with an excellent knowlegde but no relation ship with their students is not well for both. The teacher has students who are not interested anymore and may stop learning. 
In contrast to this it is also a problem to have a teacher who relates with his stundents very well but does not know anything about the themes he has to teach them.
Finally you can say it is important that a teacher has to fit both. He has to relate well with his students but also has to have a quite good or excellent knowledge of all the things he want to teach his students.
In my point of view I disagree with the statement because of all the already told aspects how a teacher has to be. Maybe you can change the statement into a mix of both. " A teacher`s ability to relate well with students is 