Tody the most of the parents of young children have not much time for their small children. So they turn on the TV and sit the child before it. So if they watch TV there are some advertisments directed toward young children (aged two to five). Schould these advertisement are not be allowed?

On the one hand are young children easy to covince. They dont ask if something is good or bad for them, they just belive it if a anime figure said that. So the TV advertisement could achife that the children are not able to build an own opinion if they belive everything in young years.

On the other hand parentes they do not want their cildren watching TV could give them to a day mother ore to the kindergarden. Generally parentes who let their cildren watcing TV in such young years should not have children becase either they worke so much that they havent time for a kid or the dont want to have time with a kid.
Secondly is there no right witch could forbide TV advertisment just for children in yound years.

All in all I think that TV advertrisment for two to five years old children should be allowed because if the kid watch in these young years TV the parentes do not do a good job. It is up to them.












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































