I do not completely agree with the following statement but can see the point made. 
A teacher has to have several abilitys to be able to tech a class in the best way possible. He has to transfer knowledge and information required in the subject taught by him or her, he has to raise awareness and understanding for/of our society`s rules and values as well as for good behaviour in general. At the same time a teacher is, especially for younger students, a very close authoroty, who sometimes is even more respected and admired as the students parents or other close relatives. 
In this function as an mentor who helps his students not only in matters concerning a school subject but personal or even private problems as well and is able to help the student through a hard time or give him or her new perspectives, the teacher needs the ability to relate well with his students. This makes it possible for him to bring up possible difficult topics in conversations, help the students to be more open, while talking to him and to understand and help when a student has a problem. 
So, seen from this perspective, the ability to relate well with students is very important for a teacher, probably even more important than an excellent knowledge in the subject taught by him. 
But on contrary the model and mentor role of a teacher is especially needed in schools with younger or disadvantaged students, while older students no longer need an all-caring mentor as much as younger ones. They feel old enough to solve their own problems and do not feel a strong urge to instanly tell an adult, if they are in trouble. Of course they too need help and guidance sometimes but not as much and strong as younger ones do. Out of this reason most older students value a teacher more, who is able to tell them a lot about the subject, taught by him and give them the knowledge, they will need. 
So in this case the knowledge a techer has of his subject is more important for the students, than his ability to relate with them. 
This is not only because of general academical interest, but more because of the students focus, which turns more and more to their a-levels and degrees, the older they get. So a teacher who is preparing them well is more valued  than one who is friendly, buit not able to give them the knowledge needed. 
Therefore I think the question cannot be answered without specifying, which age the students of the teacher are. In case of younger stundents I agree with the statement, in case of older ones I think the knowledge is more important and disagree.      