Advertisements are becoming more and more present in our daily lifes. In many parts of life we are confronted with adverts. Very often there is a particular
group to which the advert is directed to especially on the television. In our times there are even adverts on the TV for the youngest members of our society.
There has already been quite a lot of discussion as to wheater this should be allowed or wheater it is ethically not supportable.
In the following essays I'm going to discuss the pros and cons of this.

The companies directing advertisement would argue that it isn't so much worse to know what kind of games there are from television than from the old fashioned catalogues. It might even be bettter to let children see what there is on the television because there are less products at once in television adverts.

Additionally some might argue that that young children don't even really notice the adverts or maybe can't tell children adverts apart from adverts for adults.
They might not even be able to realise that there's difference between adverts and normal TV shows.

Finally it is also the task of the parents to monitor what their children are allowed to watch and what they aren't allowed to. If they know about some chanals which have for their taste too many adverts directed to kids, they can just not allow their children to watch those chanals.

However, even it children might not always even identify and advert as such, children are very infulencable. If they see lots of colours and some fun looking products which maybe other children play with, they immediately want to play with those things as well. They start to continuously beg their parents to buy it for them and this can cause a lot of problems.

Furthermore it is morally not quite supportable to direct adverts towards the most infulencable members of our society. The members that aren't yet able to distinguish good and sensible products from other ones that are made big on adverts. The publishing companies disabuse the infulencabilty of the children for their own purposes.

Weighing out the pros and cons, I find that even if it is completely possible as parents to stop your children from seeing those adverts or only seeing some on selected channels, the ethical catastrophe of this situation overweighs all of the other arguments. Companies shouldn't profit from the influenceability of the youngest members of our society.


