An important and hotly debated topic is the education of the children because they are the future generation. Nevertheless there are many controversies while talking about the way children are educated. For instance, experts question themselves if a teacher who can relate well with students is better than a teacher who have great knowledge about the subject he taught. In the following essay this question will be debated.

What shall a teacher teach the children when he does not have the knowledge of the subject? This is a really awful situation but nethertheless there are many teacher who do this. It is hard for them to explain the topic to the cildren and for them it is hard to understand. Yet it is sometimes also accectable because many teacher teach only as far as they are well informed about the topic. So they can explain it to the cildren and the children are able to understand the most relevant aspects. Moreover this is not as worse as it sounds, because when you think realistic, you know that children cannot remember everything and forget a lot of things which they have been thaught. And when they do not get too much information but enough to understand the topic it is easier to know what the relevant part is and keep it in mind instead of forgetting it. 
In contrast to that you also have to admit that the teacher could taught the children wrong when the have top less knowledge. For example the have to explain a physic experiement but missunderstood one thing. Then they are not able to teach the children the right things. However this could also happen by teachers who have an excellemt knowledge about the subject, because they do not know that they missunderstood a thing. So here it is even worse because the people think they know it right and the teachers with less knowledge do not know it exactly and therefore did not explain it exactly and do not convince the pupils of wrong things.
On the other side you have to question yourself how important it is to have teacher whith the ability to relate to you. Would you not prefer to such a person instead of somebodey who tells you a lot but you do not understand everything?

In conclusion you can say that teachers need to have the ability to relate well to students but are also well informed about their subject. Personally I agree with the statement because I experienced a lot of teachers who only wanted to tell you their knowledge but did not saw that many of their pupils did not understood their sayings. And other teacher which I had durimg my school career tried to exlain less details but enough and with other methods so that it was easier to understand a follow the courses. 