Several incidents and problems between teachers and students because of missing knowledge and too good relationships to the students led to a discussion.
In the following i want to present my opinion to this topic.
For me as a student that is trying to graduate with the Abitur, knowledge of course is very important. But also the relation and good communication between students and teachers is important.

Of course you can not forget about the education of the teachers because if he/her has no clue what he is actually talking about than no student will listen to him/her. The lessons will get boring and the students will automatically try to influence the lessons or even miss in class several times. Additional it is important for the students to have a well educated teacher because they are trying to graduate with the most highest education level (e.g for us in germany the Abitur).
So in case that the teacher has nearly any knowledge and is teaching them wrong things or is even not able to answer their questions, he or her should think about getting annother job because it is damaging the students education and also his/her future. Personally I have made this experience and i had to relearn and teach the things, the teacher was not able to teach us, by myself or by my "home-teacher". 
But on the other side i think that in the case of good communication and a good relationship between students and teachers it can not come this far. If the students respect their teacher and have fun listening to him or her, it is much easier to follow the teachers instructions, lessons and tests. Students, especially the smaller ones, need clear and instructions and fun at school, otherwise they will probably think about leaving school earlier or even miss their entire school time. Excellent knowledge can be reached together, no one really knows everything from the beginning, but in my opinion there is also needed a good relationship between the students and teachers. In this case the students will tell the teacher what he/her is doing bad or what he/her could probably improve.

So all in one I can say and i think I am speaking for most of the students a good "school-" and "classroom-climate" is more important than perfect knowledge.  
School is getting more attractive, funnier, easier and all in one better if you are not afraid of going to school or speaking to the teachers and inform eachother about mistakes, self-improvement or problems at school. 