Everyone knows Comericals, and in the Television are Comercials for ever age group. But the question I want to disscuss today is if Comercial pointed excactly for young Children (age 2-5) should be allowed or not.
The first impression I have when I hear something like this topic is, why should this force any kind of problem, it´s only commercial. But if you start think a little more intense, you rekognice some aspects witch tell you to not do this. 
But first of all I want to start out white the positive aspects At first I would say there is the point of the lokal market. Children have Parents who pay for them if the Childens want to have someting they have seen in the Comercisl they want to buy this this is good for the Market. I also think it would be not that much of a Problem because I think the most Children do not totaly listen to Comercial but to this what their Friens have bought. 
But on the other hand there´s some facts which indead lead to an other oppinion. 
Children are manipulativ, which means if you produce a very good Commercial every Kid would like to have this because the have not a own oppinion they just learning what others tell´em and when the commercial tells´em to buy this beautifull product they want to have this without thinking about it. Also you could force big economic crisis trough this. A Government like the USA could export for example plastic Figures, using TTIP, witch the kids threw an ey on because of the commercial to europe and the kids need to have this. Than they buy it and get ill trough the bad plastic of the USA. If the chew on the Plastic they could maybe even die and all this because the Commercials directly towards young aged children. If there where no Commercial only a few to non children woh would have seen this in the lokal Store would have bought this and got ill. Than the government would stop the import and lots of less deaths would have been caused by this plastic figures from the USA so you can see I personally would forbit Commercial directly toward smal thildren because they are to simple to catch with a good commercial. 