Some people believe that a teacher should relate with the students and that this is more important than the knowledge of the subject being taught. I will comment on that in the following.
First thing that comes to mind when thinking about a good teacher, is probably the question if they are a kind or a fun person. At least most students would prefer a teacher like that instead of someone that is only teaching their subject without caring for the students or without fun. Some do not really care if they learn something in those lessons, they prefer to have fun because they either do not care about the subject or just do not want to be in school. Most students do prefere a teacher that is kind and funny and is good at explaining and teaching their subject.
It really is important that the teacher connects with the students because it is way easier for them to teach if the students want to listen and pay attention because they are having fun at the same time. There is a reason teachers have to study how they have to treat minors and how they have to organise everything involving their lesson and subject.
Some are really good at connecting knowledge and their ability to relate with the student but some do not really have this ability. They are trying too hard to be a nice person and that the students like them and how they teach that they do not really teach. The students do not learn anything or not much in those lessons because the teacher wants to connect too much. Sometimes these people do have a great knowledge about the subject they are teaching but they focus too much on different things. 
Then there are the students that like to learn something and who do not really care how kind the teacher is because they learn something. Those teachers have more knowledge than people skills and not everybody is liking their lessons and sometimes may even fear them.
But is knowledge more important than the ability to relate well with the students or is it the other way around? 
Some people do believe that the teacher has to relate well because they would not use the old punishing methods from the last century, the teachers who do not have people skills would be the ones doing that, they say.  
So it is important to relate because the lessons will be more fun for everybody involved. The students will have more fun and the teacher will have it easier to teach because the students trust him or her. It is not correct to say that the ability to relate well is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught because the students go to school to learn and how should they learn something if the person standind in front of them has no idea or little of what they are talking about. That would help nobody. The students would not have fun and not care about the subject because they realise that their teacher knows as much as them and the teacher is disappointed because he does not realise why the students start to disrespect him.