How a teacher fonction is very importent for the class. How students ar thinking about a subject often depends on the teacher. But is it more importent to have a teacher with an excellent knowledge of the subject, or one with an excellent relationship with the students?

A teacher has to know his subject very well, so he can give his knowledge to his students, so they can learn something. Because the basic idea of school is to learn something. You can say that a teacher who doesn't konw his subject perfect isn't a good teacher. I once had an english teacher who was really funny, but she wasnt so shure about the subject. Quite fast we started to have a certain disrespect against her, because she was insecure and we remarked that, although she was very nice. The result of that was quite obvious: We had a funny time without respecting our teacher and without learning something.
I also think, that it is really important to be able at a certain niveau at school, especially at the secondary school, to be professional enough to not go to school, just depending on if you like your teacher or not because in the later live it is important to be able to work with people who are difficult in groupwork. You have to learn this at school. Because if you wouldn't learn it there, where else would you learn it?
But on the other hand, you can't learn if the atmosphere in the class isn't that good as it has to be. So you can't learn with a teacher who has a really good knowledge if the class hates him and he can't teach the subject.
In my opinion the most important thing is that a teacher likes not only to teach but also that he likes his subject. I remarked this in maths. Once I had a math teacher who had an excellent knowledge but who wasn't a good teacher because he didnt relate well with his students. So he never understoood our questions and we couldn't take him serious as a teacher. Only half a year later I had another teacher. He adorerd maths and teaching and the students remarked that. The atmosphere in class was better and so where my marks, althought he maybe was not as excellent in his subject as the other one.
I think this example shows quite well, that you can't learn with a teacher who can't relate with the class. However, it's also important to have a good knowledge to be respectet by the class. You can say, that it is innegogiable to have a good balence between the to extremes.