Now I´m going to write an essay in which I´m going to contrast the pro´s and con´s of the thesis "A teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge.". 
There are as much arguments for the thesis as against it. I´m going to start with the "pro" arguments.
When a teacher and his students have a good relationship, the way of learning in class is much better. They can find solutions of problems faster together and the students are much more motivated when they like their teacher. Another point is that the teacher can have a positive influence on the development of the students. Especially in primary school, it´s important how you treat children, because this time prepares them for their future life. Some students have problems in their families and their parents aren´t able to teach them rules of living and rules in society; than the teachers can make this job and give those children a chance of success in their future. This "behaviour- knowledge" could be more important for them than any complicated maths task. 
In addition the teacher can also learn something of the new generation like for example all the multimedias that are unknown for older teachers. Mostly this is not the case, because it´s this strong "students have to learn from teachers and not the other way around"- behaviour, but "the other way around" could be innovative and give school life a new image.

Now I´m going to analyze the arguments against the thesis.

A fundamental problem if teachers don´t have much knowledge about their subject would be that many questions of the students would stay without an answer or in the worth case the teachers answer the questions wrong. 
Another problem is the respect. Students respect their teachers, but they also expect to get teached in the right way and when the teacher can´t do this continually; the students could lose their respect and they could start to rebell against school. The parents of the teachers would also get angry.

At all my opinion is that the thesis is right and wrong at once. 
