In times like these it is normal for us to watch tv and the advertisement which comes with it. For most of the people the advertisement is not great but fine. For young children it is another story. Today I am going to argue if the television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed or should not be allowed.
On the one hand television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. The children are influences by a lot of things around them already. They don't need another source which tells them what to do or what to buy. Humans always compare each other. It begins in the kindergarden. Kids compare each other, who has the newest toy? Who brought the better food? Then after kindergarden school begins and again Who has the best grades? Who is the prettiest? Than after school real life begins and most of the people have to work and start a family and it is obvious that everyone is comparing again When do my friends have their first child? What amount of money does my brother get? And on and on. So I don't think that you should influence children, which are not even in kindergarden to compare themselfes with their friends. 
On the other hand television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed, because the businesses which want to sell their stuff are better on if they have young watchers. The time where you're influenced the most in your life is the age before and the age during school. So if the business is able to catch you one time they are probably going to have a futurecustomer. Another obvious thing is that kids like to buy new toys. If they are allowed to watch television they are always up to date. 
In the end I think young children should be allowed to watch television advertising but only if it is the right amount. Most of the television advertisements are very long and they don't really hold a lot of useful information. Maybe the advertisement people could put some short  knowledge shows in the time of advertisemnt 