In the following text I will refer to the given statement that television advertisings that are directed toward young children should not be allowed. I totally agree with this statement because at first children who are that young are not old enough to understand the sense of an advertisement. 

In my eyes young children should also not watch much television and then it is important that there is not much advertising during the specific shows or series. These advertising would influence them too much because they are too young to understand what an advertisement is for and how it is not always realistic. 

Especially all the advertisements for toys should be forbidden because a child will never be happy with its toys when there is always something more actual or better on the TV. So the advertising also influences the children's behaviour what should be avoided because these young persons should be allowed to grow up without the sounds and jingles of advertisings. 

But there is also another important argument: If children watch TV and there is an advertising with a for example flying boy they could try to imitate his behaviour but they are too young to dicover the danger of jumping like a superhero from something high to prove that they can fly higher than the young boy in the advertising. But  I admit that  something like this (a dangerous situation) can happen because of a normal television show (instead of an advertising), too, although most of the TV  shows today are controlled by organisations like FSK that declare for what age this film is suitable for. 

As a conclusion I can say that especially the young kids need to be protected (if they already watch televison). One opportunity to save the youngest is already installed in the most of the new televisions. In Germany it is called "Kindersicherung" and it doesn't open specific channels without a code so that the children cant't watch these shows or series. The parent can choose which channels they include into the "Kindersicherung" and they can change their list of forbidden channels at any time when their children are getting older. (old enough for some of the channels and their program) But I still think that young children shouldn't watch that much television even if there weren't any advertisements in it.