I agree with the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed". 
Clearly you can say that their is no big difference between children seeing the new toys on the television or getting to know about it by their friends in the kindergarden, but in my opinion the television with its television star has a much bigger effect on the children than their playmates. Another argument for advertising directed toward young children is that it is easier for the parents to find good and fitting presents for their child, because automatically gets a lot wishes through the advertising. But this could also lead to a problem. If the child has for example ten wishes and the parents buy only three presents the cild maybe gets unhappy and can`t even be happy about those.
In my opinion it is wrong to show young children aged two to five advertising because they are not able to understand the meaning of the products. This leads to the situation that they can`t decide which product is really important for their life and which stuff the truly need.
In addition most of them don`t have own money which means that they are not able to deal with it and to have a feeling for the worth of the product. 
Furthermore I think children have a pretty big phantasy so it is possible to imagine things adults couldn`t even think about. Concluding they are able to use for example old toys or stuff from nature for their playing and it is not neccessary for them to have the newest and best toys ever and ever again. This is often good for the character of the child because it becomes more creative after a while, which is a good base for the school but although for the job life.
All in all I would say that advertising directed toward young children is a good invention for the concerns but not for the moneybag of the parents and the eduacation of the children. I think it would be a good solution to make a television channel where the parents are able to decide if they want to turn the advertising on or off. This means that is in their on hands if their children can watch advertising or not and how often and for what time space they can watch it.
But in the end it always the decision of the parents if the children are allowed too watch advertising or not. If the children are able to see the advertising while the parents are watchging television it is not that effective if it is forbidden for them.
