There was a survey in different schools where the teachers have to answer questions and also have to show how they teach their class in front of some people from the study. They want to find out whether a teachers ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 
The first argument I would like to mention ist that the students notice whether the teacher is well informed about his subjct or not. They recognize it not at the first view but when they have some lessons they find it out. It is definetely not a good thing when they see that the teacher is not able to answer their questions or help them with tasks the teacher has given to them. 
Another argument is that students like teachers who treat them nice and who have a good relation to them. When there is a teacher who offers you to talk with, when you have problems, no matter in school or private you prefere having that subject and you are willing to pay attention in this subject and give your best just because you like the teacher.
Furthermore there will always be students who can not understand specific topics, for example in maths or physics. In subjects where you have to understand some really difficult and complex tasks you have to rely at the teacher who has to understand your way of thinking to help you. A teacher who studied for quite a long time has to explain complex things because there is no other expert than this one teacher. It is his job to know everything in this subject.
The last argument I would like to say is that the realation between student and teacher is also important for parents. They hate to see their own child sad when he/she gets home from school. Parents notice whether a child is happy or really sad at school. Parents try to fix everything but if there is a bad relation between teacher a student there is nothing to fix. It is just the reality and the student has to live with it. A teacher who does not care about a relation does not mind whether a student has good or bad notes, he/she just give this note and in some years the student has a bad report and the teacher does not mind because of a new class with new students. 
To sum it up I think that the importance is somehow equal. The teacher has to have an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught but it is a positive aspect for himself/herself to have a good relation to students. Students pay more effort and want to reach more when they like the teacher. They listen more carefully and dare to talk about problems. They try to convince the teacher that they are good and have more fun. When there is a subject which a student does not like or where a student is not good at he/she tries to because of the knowing that the teacher will help and would never be angry or make some dumb  jokes. 