More and more houses in our countries get a television at home. Today it is standard to have minimum one television at home. Now we have like three generations on our planets. The oldest one who havent any technical stuff in there childhood and learn about the new technical things since they are very old. For those people are the new technical stuff new. Television is something that they are know the most. The second generations are the one who lived with the change to the new technic. For those it is already standard with the modern technic. And the latest generation are the one, who do not know something else. Since they are on the planet they are surrounded by the newest technical thing. One of this technical thing is logically the television. From this new technic it is even an older one. But some people have the opinion that in very young age you should not have to be allowed to have already contact to this new modern technic like television
Firstly That is because they think with this change of childhood they are loosing old good values. If childrens were introduced in the life just with the new technical things they really dont know something else. So they are loosing the contact to important values. Things like this can leads into a big social trouble with other humans. Generally humanity is getting loose. We have to take care on this values. The new technic can easily destroy old important values. If the children are watching televison it seems everything to look perfect. But thats not our reality. I know that reality isnt perfect in the oposite of the technic world, but the reality is what counts. 
But secondly i guess it doesnt need rules which are saying that childrens arent allowed to watch TV. It is the job of the parents to look for the children. They need a good relation between the reality and the virtuality. So they can do easy the different between this two worlds. Additionaly they have to know that the world that counts is the reality.
Overall i guess it is too hard to say it needs rules to forbidden Television for children. That are values which should be given from parents. If parents think they dont have to watch TV they can decide that. But the point is that television isnt hard enough for children that they are completly lost.