I often encounter advertisements for children while watching television at home. Boring, short scenes which often are simple and rather stupid, to be honest. Just yesterday I saw one during the break, while watching a football game. The advertisement was for some ego-shooter and it didn't seem appealing whatsoever. And so I started questioning advertisements made for young viewers; does it really make sense to show them?

For one, the ussage of digital devices is getting more and more frequent and the age of their users is dropping drastically. My neighbours son has his own i-Pad eventhough he's only fourteen years old. He doesn't use it to learn or to do research, he rather goes online and surfs the web, watches all sorts of videos, plays games. And every now and then a short video pops up, advertising, what often seem to be war games. Now the fact that those videos appear, is something I can deal with. I mean advertisements are all over the place, we see them when we go shopping, while watching the news, even in papers you find them on each page. But presenting children with a subject of violence, a major cause of the worlds disasters, namely war, that's simply wrong. If people want to launch ads for healthy food or for doing sports, with the aim of fetching children from their screen and outside to play, I'd totally support that. But if you try to sell some product linked to violence to children so young, they don't even understand what's at stake, you should seriously question what you're doing. And as I've said before, children don't have the rational thinking of grown-ups yet. They don't always think of all of the consequences there are, wich is perfectly fine! But you shouldn't attempt getting them to do something they don't know the risks of. If you make a child download  a game, fine. If it, by playing it, learns something, perfect. But if the child then suddendly clicks on a button within the game and pays real money, the parents money, without really realizing it, I don't think that's the right way of doing it.

So in the end I think advertisements meant for children are prefectly fine, as long as their content and the product they're trying to give to those children is sensible and children-friendly.