In the following essay I will discuss about the different positive and negative arguments about the topic ''a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject. 
On the one hand, it's better if the teachers have a good relationsship to their pupils. If the class like the teacher, they have more fun in the lessons and maybe they even get more fun at the subject aswell. The teacher reachs that pupils get interested in the subject because of the way they teach and be nicely. 
On the other hand, it's difficult to say whether the pupils get more interested in the subject. Maybe the teacher seems to be not as serious as strict teachers and the lessons are not as serious for the pupils, they make silly things and do not want to prepare the exercises the teacher gave to them. In this situation, the pupils do not get a better knowledge of the subject that being taught and in the class test they will get a bad mark because they did not study enough in school or maybe they do not understand the topic because they did not listened to the teacher while he explained it. In general, it is important for the children to  get a better knowledge about the subject because that is the reason why they go to school and not to build a good relationsship to women oder men who teach them. I think it should be a ''mix''. In my experience, I feel better if I relate well with teachers. It's difficult to explain but I think if you have a good relationship to your teacher you get automatically better marks and you have kind of more motivation to listen to their monologues. 
Also teacher have to think about what is better for the children and how they get the best knowledge about the subject because that should be a kind of goal for the teacher to teach them and practise them in the subject because it is finally their job and they get money for it. It should be a serious exercise for them. In addition to that, every pupil should treat the same as the others. In fact, the knowledge of a subject is more important than the relationsship between teacher and pupils. Maybe you have to be a little strict to teach the young human because they also learn for their life and get more awareness about the fact that the life is not always as easy as it seems and only hard work get paid.