Complains and debates about the "bad relation between students and their teachers" or the "missing interest and effort of teachers in their students" have become a common topic. Arguments between teenagers and their parents or even students and their teachers themselves come along with that. Today, it is almost seen as a social statement to stand up for the own opinion regarding proper ways of teaching. The phrase of a good relation between students and their teachers as a well base of studying and teaching has nowadays become something like an idealized vision. Adults, their children and even the majority of teachers support the idea of building a relation in which all "participants" feel accepted, taken for full and in which they aren`t blamed for their mistakes. The importance of a good climate when it comes to studying and teaching in class is proved by psychologists, medicins and specialists. On the other hand, there are, how could it be different, critics expressing their controversial opinion and arguments. Sure, they say, teachers should have a good ability to realte well with their students, but this could also lead into misunderstandings and uncomfortable situations. They prove their statement with cases of sexual abuse and other criminal actions committed by teachers. The victims aka students say they have often felt insecure around that certain teacher but never thought the situation would increase into that direction. It is obvious that finding a proper solution is hard since there might always be opposite opinions and points of view on the debate featuring the ideal relation between students and their teachers.
In my opinion, the statement of that a teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than the actual knowledge of the subject being taught goes hand in hand with its own meaning. Once a teacher posesses the ability to interact with his students in a good way, it is also easier for him to teach the subject since a good base is being built. Trust is another importand     