If advertising should be allowed in all kind of TV channels, is a question people keep discussing about.
Some say it does affect our choices, influences us in our thinking and has a negative impact on the watchers. The influence they get through watching TV on a regular basis is unmanagable, experts think.
On the other side, watchers don`t see the aspects they get influenced by in a negative way. The "fun" side is bigger for them.
However, a topic which is even more discussed is if it should be allowed to direct television advertising towards young children in the age of two to five.
As always, the opinions are splitted.
In the following, the given topic will be discussed and analyzed. 

For many parents, TV is a helpful thing. Their kids sit in front of it being amused and enjoying themselves while the parents have time for other activities. In a household with a working mum, for example, this could be really destressing. Coming from work, still having laundry to do, television is something that holds a helpful side- activity for their kids.
The children themselves mostly enjoy watching TV, relaying to their heroes or simply experiencing other values.
Even advertisements are topics or almost shows, kids like to see. If it`s the new Barbie, an other toy or a chocolate- cookie; TV holds a variety of things children love. Or would love to purchase. that seems like something really positive. 
They get to experience a lot of different themes and topics so that they kind of get an idea of life outside their homes. Even if that just might include life in kindergarden or their friend`s house.
Also the parents profite from their children seeing a lot of "cool things" on TV- getting them birthday presents, for example, is a lot easier.

But not only the fact, kids in the age of two to five are willing to believe everything the spectre of advertising has to offer, also, that they are in a phase where they are easy to influence, is the chance which a lot of companies take. The youngest are the best clients. Indirectly, of course. 

Parents who already figured that advertising in general does not influence their children in a positive way, try to hold them away from it.
Trying to relay to certain images on TV is nothing that is supporting the development of young kids. During the time from the age of two to five, they are the easiest to manupulate. 
Not having ideas, being uncreative and more agressive are just some of the negative aspects that might occur out of the watching of TV advertisements.

In my opinion, it should be forbidden to influence children by the help of advertising in form of television clips. It is not supporting or helpful at all, at least not for the development o the children. 
Companies do get a lot of profit, but that is not the aspect society should focus on. Raising kids is an important part of society aswell. Children are the future of society, so it should be our wish to raise them the best possible.
Relaying to others is not a big part of it. 