Television advertising - some enjoy the vivid and sometimes funny breaks during a movie or TV show, some hate it from the bottom of their hearts. As there are also many children who already are allowed to watch specific series and cartoons, the advertising which is directed toward those children is booming, which also has a big influence on the children. Is it a good idea to already try to buy little children? Is it even necessary to get them used to the world full of advertising and desires? Or should this kind of advertising even be forbidden?
Well, of course it's true that young children are the ones who learn the most in their daily life. They make experiences and learn, they get to know many new things and learn -  and they get used to our society and learn how to act and react, how to behave, how to deal with certain situations. Therefore, it's absolutely necessary that they already know how society works and a big part of modern society is economy, more specific: shopping and selling. Regarding this fact, it's only normal that even very young children already are confronted to advertising and its effects; it's undoubtedly part of our daily lifes.
Moreover, young children can quickly be the outsider when they don't know the latest toy and "trend" regarding dolls or Lego. This makes clear that advertising can also be helpful to integrate children and let them be part of their own world.
On the other hand, it must definitely be mentioned that advertising can be irritating for children. Especially little children are usually not used to the colourful advertising with speakers who are too loud and too quick and toys which get bigger and more spectacular every time you watch TV. Advertising can simply be too much for them and disturb their carefree time watching cartoons etc. 
Furthermore, it's also sure that advertising makes children want to have more and more toys because they think they need it to compete with other children. I know myself that I often wanted to have many things I saw on TV only because they looked sweet or funny, even though I normally didn't play with such things. Regarding this fact, you can say that advertising makes it normal for children to "want-to-have", which is a developement that causes worries when we think of all the children who haven't even enough food to survive: It makes children lose their connection to reality.
All in all I can say that I know that advertising for children belongs to our society but nevertheless, in my opinion it causes the wrong developement and image of our world which can irritate little children too much, which is why I think that it generally shouldn't be allowed. 