When you ask students, which abilities their teacher should have, two come to mind very quickly: Being able to relate to the students and having a good knowledge of the subject they have to teach. Most students would say that relating to the students is more important, but is this opinion right?
First of all, a teacher without a connection to his students is not a good one because the students quickly become bored or can not follow the lesson for a longer time. Therefore, it is without doubt important that a teacher can relate well with his students to build a connection.
Moreover, if you are not able to talk to your students, you can not teach your subject, no matter how good your knowledge is. This is an second example to show how important the ability to relate well with your students is.
On the other hand, teachers get not paid to become friends with their students, they get paid to explain subjects and teaching their knowledge. You do not have to like the teacher to understand maths etc., you have to listen to the lecture. So a strict teacher may be better because the students do not talk or laugh with him, but listen to his lecture.
In addition to that, some students may be scared of a strict teacher but it could be something useful. Some pupils need the pressure of a punishment to get their homework and essays done and someone who has a good relationship with his students is maybe a bit too nice for that.
On the other side, learning is easier with somebody you like (most of the time). The classes are more fun and you are more motivated. A lack of knowledge may not be important because you can easily look fot the information on the internet or other divices. 
To answer the question from the beginning, it is also important to ask yourself what you expect from your own teacher. Do you want to learn from them or do you want to talk to them whenever you have problems? 
Most people probably want to learn something during classes, that is the main reason pupils go to school. They do not expect their teacher to be a psychologist as well so that they are able to talk about their problems in school/in life/in general. Therefore, an excellent knowledge about their subject seems to be more important.
The type of school is important as well. For example, most high schools claim that you are there to learn "learning" and not exactly for the knowledge. The situation is different and university: In college you go to classes because you want to learn a special subject or for a special job. In this case, a teacher with an excellent knowledge is more important, while in high school the opposite is the case.

In my opinion, a good mixture is necessary. I do not want a teacher who can not relate well with me, especially when I am in high school but a teacher with a lack of knwoledge is not great as well. 
