In the following text I will discuss whether television advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five) should be allowed or not.
Advertising surely influences the person watching it by telling how great the product is and how useful it would be for them. 

Often there are wrong information or the advertisement exaggerates.
Especially for children this could be kind of dangerous because they are easier to influence and  believe in things faster than adults. Children don't think about the pro and contra aspects of a product, they just see it and see how nice it is and then they want to have it. Mostly it seems to be fun but when they finally have it, it's not half as good as it was shown in the TV.
That is the main negative aspect. Children are disappointed quickly and because advertising often doesn't tell the truth it's most likely to disappoint children. That also causes that the kids want to have the next thing because it might be better than the first one. They have no doubts that the second product could be as bad as the first one and that's what the companies use. It's highly questionable how enterprises use the behaviour and the development of children. They know that the children want to have all these things and they know that the advertising wouldn't show the truth. They act calculating on children who just don't know better.

But you also can say that the parents don't have to buy the things the child sees and due to that there is a little protection for them.
According to the exaggeration and wrong information it is important for children making their own experiences. They should see for theirselves that the TV does not always tell the truth and that they are not always protected by mom and dad who watch over them and tell them what is good and what isn't.
But at last it is way too early making these experience aged two to five. However the children should also have the freedom to experiment a little and to test how cool the products really are.

For conclusion I'd say that advertising directed towards young children is okay. It should be more precise and it should be proved that the information given in the TV are true but all in all it's an experience for the children and they should have the space to test some things they see in the TV.