Since we use Television, any things have changed. People spend a lot of time watching TV instead of doing other activities. But not only older people spend time watching TV. Some parents let their children watch TV no matter how old they are, how long they watch it or what they watch. But is it really a good idea to let children of the age of two years watch horror movies?

The age between two and five years is the age in which children learn a lot of things. It is important to show them the life in different kind of ways, how they could learn to communicate or to talk or how to behave while being with other people. It is important to let them ask all the questions they have, to be curious and to make experiences.
On the one hand it can be good for them to watch TV, because they could learn something from the movies, but on the other hand most of the movies don't show the reality, so it is possible that the children learn things which are exactly the opposite than in reality, so they can make great mistakes.
But on TV there are documentaries or news which show the real things that have happened. For the children it can be interesting to see what happens in the "world outside", so they can be interested in things which they haven't never without the TV.
But there aren't so many films for the youngest watchers. Many movies are horror movies of which the children can be scared of or maybe get some fears or phobias. Other movies are too complicated for the young children to understand so that it doesn't make any sense to let them watch them.
While watching TV the kids don't move very much, they are just sitting around. But it is important especially for young children to make physical experiences, to get to know their own body, to make friends and to use their time. Spending time just watching TV includes nothing of it so it may have negative aspects for the children.

In my opinion it is important that the children go outside. Watching TV for kids between two and five years should absolutely not be allowed.