The topic of the relation between students and teachers is often discussed with very controversial opinions.
Some say that the relation between them is more important than learning and teaching but others think in total contrast.
First of all a school is a place where people go to learn. May it be a grammar school, a High School or an University - it is all about learning. The teachers have learned to teach and it is their job to do it. If they don't they wouldn't get any money for it to live. For the students on the contrary it is important to learn, to learn how things work and what they should do with it. It is important to learn because with the knowledge they have been taught it is easier to live their life - because they know how things work.
As a teacher it is needed to know your subject very well because you should be able to answer the questions of the students even if they are complicated or extraordinary. If you know the subject well you are able to encourage the students to learn by also giving them interesting facts, excercises and examples. And if you are able to encourage them they will learn easier than if they are not interested in the subject.
But there are times when it is not possible to learn, even if a student wants to. And sometimes a student doesn't like a teacher or can't handle working with him. This is the prove that learning an teaching is not everything.
There must be a realtion between teacher and students that makes it possible that both sides are content with what they are doing. A teacher must understand his students to work with them an a stundent must understand the reasons of a teacher to be able to learn from him.
We are social beings and we need contact with people. Understanding each other is a big part of our social life, even in school when we should learn. If we don't understand the other person we can't learn from him or her.
A good relation is a big step towards understanding and makes life much easier for us.

But neither an excellent knowledge of the subject nor a good relation is everything.
In my opinion we need both - an excellent knowledge and a good relation. If we have a good realtion to a teacher it is much easier for him to teach us this knowledge and for us it is easier to learn all these things.
If people have fun with doing something or want to get to know things they learn things better than if they weren't interested. And as a teacher with an excellent knowledge of the subject you are able to make it funny and interesting for your stundents, and a good relation with them could be the key.