A teachwer's ability to relate well with students is more important tham excellent knowlage of the subject being taught. Thats the these of this writing assignement. So I want to show up both sides of these pro, contra and how I feel about this these. 


On one hand you can say that this is true because if the students do not like the teacher they are not motivated to learn for that subject. They do not listen to the teacher, do not do the homework and do not learn for tests. 
 
On the other hand you have to admit that learning should be something you want too do for yourself and just for yourself so you souold not care who the the teacher is or how much you like him or her. 

Another argument is, that the character of the teacher is not important becaus it is important what they teach you or what they are trying to teach you. 

But the contra to this argument is, that we all know that it matters if you like someone to learn something. It is much easier if you like the person who is trying to teach you something than learning something from a person you do not like.


To sum up I have to say that I care about the way a teacher acts and how they treat you as a student. I can tell that there is a teacher I really do not like and now it is very hard to concentrate at that lesson. Nearly every student of our class do not like this teacher anymore and we are all actingvery badly in this lesson, we are talking german when we would not be allowed and we do not learn the vocabulary as hard as we maybe should. But I have to add that I can say that I am trying to be a very (efficient?) student but i feel like I have not learnt anything in this subject this year. If I would make my matura in that subject next year i might be lost. So to finish that, yes I care abut the way a teacher is treating me and my class and for me a good teache is not a person who did five masters at five different schools. A good teacher is someone who knows how to motivate the class, how to treat them with respect and how to teach the students things that are imprtatnt in teir subject. 