In the following text i will give reasons and examples to support my answer about the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." I will start with arguments for the excellent knowledge of the subject. It's very import to teach the right facts and give the students the right informations. When a teacher teachs wrong things to his students, they will not get good notes when they get a new teachter with a very good knowledge of the subject or in tests not given by the teacher who dont know the right informations. Also a teacher who can relate well with students but haven't any knowledge of the subject can not be a good teacher. Students in Highschool need a good education to get a great job and not a teacher who is nice but dont no nothing about the subject he's teaching. 

Now i will go on with reasons for a teacher who can relate well with students but dont have an excellent knowledge of the subject.
 When you are a mate for the students you teach the will learn better and try to improve their skills. A student who likes the teacher will do more homeworks and try to improve his skills to makes the teacher happy he like. Also he learn to be friendly with other persons he meet because of the teacher who makes a nice teach. You will learn better with a teacher who relate well with students, but if he cant answer your subject specifical questions its not worth. 

When i look at all arguments above i can say that i disagree with the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." Its clearly important to relate well with students but when you dont have an excellent knowlegde of your subject and cant answer all questions the students are asking or teach the things who really matter for the education of the students its not worth.
All in All i can say that a teacher who cant relate well with students but can give them a good knowledge about what he's teaching is better then a teacher who can relate well with the students but cant give them a good knowlegde about what he's teaching. Thats why i disagree with the statement.

