Everyobdy knows this feeling. The feeling, when you hate going to school. But you don't hate going to school because of the other kids ore because you just don't like school. No, it is because you hate your teacher. Everyting he does, everythig he says, you just hate it. He has an excellent knowledge of every subject but because you hate him it doesn't matter. But the question which we should ask is. What is more importent? That an teacher can relate well with his student or that he has an excellent knowledge?

On one hand, we can say that it is sort of depressing for the theacher if the students now more than him. I mean not this kind of more like when he knows everything about his favorite animal. I mean this kind of more, where he knows how to solve this problem and all of this stuff. When this happens the students starts to ask therselfe why do we have a teacher when he can't teach us something? The authority is fading away like this. They won't do anything any more. And that would be a huge problem.

But otherwise you could use this and give the students like an other role. If you are the friends of them, they would start to try not to disapoint you. they would feel bad if you would get angry about them. They would try to give their best. Students would feel great if they would teach other students stuff. They feel like they could do something. Something great, helping others.

But don't we go to school to learn soemthing? If we don't go to school to learn something why do we even go there? There would be no sense. Like this I just could stay at home and just read a book and I would learn exactly the same of what I would learn in School.

Like I mentioned at the beginning, if you hate your teacher, you can't do something against this. You couldn't learn anything because you hate everything he does. You woulnd' like going to school. You would hate it day for day. Like this you need to have a good connection to your teacher because otherwise school is hell.

In conclusion I can say thay you ned both. You need a good relationship to teacher but he also need to have a good knowledge of things. This would be perfect. Like this you would learn something but learing would be fun because you like your teacher. Like this you would be happy and won't be angry. He couls cheer you up and could be proud of you if you do something wright.