Essay: Teachers

"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." This is an opinion that quite a few people might have and it is indeed understandable to think like this. Even though most teachers have studied their subject well, sometimes they have a surprising inability to relate to their students, making it very difficult for them to learn about the topic being taught. For example, your physics teacher might be an expert when it comes to his field understanding everything he says, but he still fails trying to explain what he already knows to you as a student. 
And this is a problem because exactly that, explaining something to you so you understand, is one of the most important tasks a teacher has. If he can not relate to you at all it makes it very hard to perform well in exams and tests later on, sometimes making it necessary to study at home a lot, trying to understand the subject for yourself with the help of other sources like the internet or books. This might also be good for the students as it helps evolve their independence but at least the basics of the topic should be taught well in class itself. 
But why can someone be a teacher if he can't teach? That is because he is qualified to due to his excellent knowledge of the subject, even though it is more important to be able to relate well with students rather than having knowledge exceeding the topics that are taught in school. That's why it is better to have a teacher that can explain the subject to the students well and make them understand with ease rather than being a genius and not being able to share what he already knows. 
In my opinion, people who study to become teachers should be examined very carefully regarding their ability to relate with students to strengthen the educational system at its core, because even if his or her knowledge of the subject is not that of a scientist or expert in that field, if they are able to make the students understand what they need to know, it is enough.