The answer about the question if a teacher's ability to relate with his or her sutdents is more important than his or her knowledge about the subject being taught can be seen from different perspectives.
First, a good teacher should have both 'characteristics' to be a good teacher. It does not help the students if a teacher is very well informed in the subjects he is teaching and if he can explain everything understandable, but on the other way round he is mean and unfair to the students by answering questions unpolitely for example. No student would feel lucky to be in one of his classes.
But on the other hand, it does not help the students either if the teacher is a very friendly and helpful person who has always an open ear for the students, helps them if they have a problem and interact with them very heartful, but is incompetent and does not know how to explain the things he is talking about in his classes. Then the students like it to be in his class but they do not learn so much and are not so well prepared for an examen because the teacher is very bad in explaining.
That means, that a good teacher is a combination of both, he should interact well with his students but he should also have the competence to explain his stuff in a way the students understand it. 
Of course, a student is better prepared for an examen, if his teacher is a competent person with lots of knowledge. An incompetent teacher without the ability to explain things understandable cannot bring a student through his examens to reach the master or the bachelor for example. So the competence and knowledge is a bit more important than the ability to relate well with the students.
But there are also the consequences of an unfriendly an unpolite teacher. If he is too mean to a somebody, he could get depressions or he leaves the university because he cannot take the stress with this one unfriendly teacher anymore. Every student reacts differently to an unpolite teacher. For some it does not matter, and others are getting stressed, crying because they think they did something wrong. Depends on the sensibility of the student.
Of course, a teacher has just the job to be competent and to teach his stuff, not to be a friendly person and to relate well with his students. But I also think that a teacher should be like a role model for his students, and if he is just unfriendly and unpolite, maybe that would influence his students so that they are as unpolite as their teacher for the rest of their lives because they think that that is the normal way to interact. 
So, to sum up, I think that a good teacher should be as friendly and polite as competent and intelligent to prepare his students well for their examens and not getting depressed and sad because of an unfair teacher.