Television and other electronic devices are becoming more frequently used by younger audiences. This movement is rapidly developping as its always more normal for a child to have a smartphone, to own their own tv, or their own laptop. It is a widly discussed controversity among scientists, psychologists and other professions. Promoting a product over the tv which aim at young children further normalise this tendancy and can manipulate young children.  Is this a bad thing?

Young adults and elderly people argue that in their childhood they didn't have things like a smartphone or a pc at home. They only had a couple of channels on tv and in the case of the older generation these channels were in black and white. Which this meant is that they say they have spent much more time outside, interacting with friends. 
Futhermore having advertising aimed at young audiences can unconsciously plant an idea inside their heads. Young children are very easily manipulated in that sense, so if they see the new barbie or action man they immediately want this new toy and ask their parent sif they can have it. Often it does not matter what the product is exactly, as long as it looked cool or cute in the advertisement. 
On the other hand having a growing audience, businesses unsurprisingly want to take advantage of the situation. Esecially because there is less competition for this target age. It's a big opurtunity for smaller firms too. In effect to forbid this kind of advertising would mean to limit chances of product sellers.
In addition it isn't always a bad thing for a young child to desire something they see. After seeing that new doll on tv, young girls might think, "oh I want that for my birthday". Whatever happens, it results in something being learnt. For example, a girl 3 years of age sees a pink unicorn toy in an advertisement. Then the girl may ask the mother if she could have it. If the mother was to say no, the girl may be disappointed, but understand she can't have everything in life. If the grirl was to get said toy, it may have to work for it, or get it for her birthday- 

In conclusion I think advertising aimed at young  