In the following essay I intend to answer the question, of wether television directed toward young young children (aged two to five) should be allowed or not allowed.

Television, even in all it's forms is a relatively young invention. Today, most people in western civilised societies own a television. Just like the newspaper, the radio etc. it is a form of media. The purpose of media can usually be divided into two main subcategories: information and entertainment. For example, many of us watch television to catch up with the news and we watch documentaries to educate us on certain topics. In the same way, television can be used as a form of entertainment and education for children. It's a different and exciting opportunity for them to learn new things about the world they live in, while at the same time having fun. There are many TV programs that cater to the aforementioned things, some better than others. Another positive aspect worth mentioning is that showing television to children is an easy way to relieve some stress from parents. By letting their children watch their favourite TV programs, parents have more free time to do the things the need and want to do, whilst also keeping the children happy and entertained. 

However, letting children watch TV comes with its downsides. Firstly, watching to much television has been linked to having adverse health effects, especially in young children (aged two to five).  Another problem is advertising. A lot of channels create and use advertising targeted directly at young children. The ads often include the endorsement of unhealthy or unsuitable foods, as well as advertising many unnecessary consumer goods. Additionally several studies conducted on this particular topic found that children watching too much TV were prone to become dependant. The activity was also strongly correlated with reduced physical activity, which could result in young children becoming overweight or obese. 

In conclusion, the negative effects of watching TV appear to point twoards a ban for young children aged two to five, as they outweigh the benefits. 