It is very important, that teachers have a good connection to their students, so that the students enjoy going to the lessons of these teachers. The most subjects that students enjoy, are also the lessons where they like the teacher. If the teacher can relate well to the students, he/she also knows what the students like doing during the lessons, and how much free time they want to spend on homework or other lesson-related activities. 

The learning atmosphere is also much better, if there is a relaxed environment between the students and the teachers. The teacher should still be in a position of "dominance" but he/she shoudn't feel aloof of his students. The students usually can relate better to a teacher who is eye to eye to them, but there still needs to be respect for the teacher.

But I think it is still important that a teacher has an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. It makes only a little sense if the students like their teacher, but can't learn anything in this subject, because the teacher has no clue about it. 

If the teacher explaines a subject very well and knows a lot about it, the students may like the subject a lot more and want go deeper into the subject. They are more willing to do extra stuff for this subject, if they want to know more about it.  

But sometimes, even a teacher who has a good connection to his students can't help, if the students don't like it anyway or don't understand it. It doesn't have to do anything with the teacher, but there are some subjects that you never like or understand. But you can still try and enjoy going to these lessons and to learn more about it. 

It should be a good mixture between knowledge of the subject and having a good connection between the teachers and their students, because you learn much better and more if you like the teacher and the subject. I think the best lessons are those, where you like the teacher because he/she can relate to you, but you also go out at the end of a lessons and you know or have the feeling that you learned something in this past hour. 