One the one hand children get influenced easier by adverts than adults, but on the other hand it should be allowed to create advertisement for every product. You can't forbid advertisings for toys or other childrenstuff, because then the products wont sell and the people, who sell the products have a disadvantage compared to other companies, that sell things, which are allowed to advertise. It would be just unfair. But you can't ignore the manipulation in these advertisements. Children get manipulated by them very easily. Advertisements show children products in a way, that they really want to have them and they almost force their parents to buy them. And the problem is, that parents get pretty annoyed by their children, when they always ask for new stuff, they saw in the TV. So they will buy the toys for their children, just because they want them to be quite. The advertisements for toys also are often made very colorful, joyful and crazy to catch the minds of young kids. But this happens in every advertisement in the TV, because the people want their products to get sold. So I don't see a problem in making "ads" especially for children, because it's made almost in the same way for adults. "Ads" are made for the interest of the people, who are seen as the "buyers" of the shown product. And why should we make an exception for children? In the end it's their choice to buy new stuff, and it's also thei fault. The same as it is my fault, if I would by new videogame I saw in TV or if I watch a new film, just because I saw the trailer and in the end it's worse than i expected it to be. Products need to get sold and so they also need to get advertised. Everybody should care less about things said in advertisement, because often the producers lie to support their product. It is the responsibility of the parents to buy toys for their child/ren and if they buy things, that aren't that great it is their own fault. Parents should decide, if the advertisement is bad or good. But I dont think advertising for young children should be forbidden. That would be wrong in my opinion. I totally dont agree with the mentioned statement.