Since education is a verty relevant topic in the society of modern industiral state we have to think about the part that is most defining the way of young people. We have to think and talk about the attitude of teachers towards their students. 

In the school there are very different types of teaching. Sometimes you will have frontal lessons in class and other times you will have single work or to work in a group. Going to school today world means to learn with a mix of these different methods. Todays world also means that you are able to get your knowledge everywhere in the internet, at any time you want. There are so many different channels a teacher could use and video material that explains itself better than most of the teachers would be capable of. 

So why is the general knowledge of teachers that important for teaching kids? Because teachers that have an excellent knowledge of their subject are more likely to try out a few things and they don´t get irritated or confused when it comes to the "deeper" discussions (that we sometimes have in class, meaning to get another view on the topic). But the mix is what makes out the teacher. I have had about six to seven different math teachers in my life (and I got very confused with all the changes). But for a few months we have a new teacher that comes directly from the university and is very motivated. I have got the feeling that the whole class likes him, not becuase of his knowledge but because of his attitude toward the whole topic. He combines new teaching methods with a kind of humor that catches everyone. That is want students want. 

Even if a teacher knew the contents of his subject by heart he would have the task to motivate other students for any subject that has to do with the taught one. A teacher should be a kind of mentor for a rnage of topics, and not be focused only on his topic. It is important to have a wide view. 

Finally I can say that knowledge is the very base of teaching. But if you are not able to relate to your students you are probably not motivating anyone except a few that like this subject best. Old things are made new every second in the fast developing world of today. So let´s don´t make the class too boring and strict. 