Teachers have different relations with students. Some get on very well and others aren't friends with their students. There are also two typs of teachers which know everything about the subject they teach and they have a wide knowledge and the second typ is the one which nearly know anything about teacher skills and sometimes even don't knwo the subject. The question is now, if it is more important for a teacher's ability to relate well with students than excellent knowledge of the suject being taught.

The adventage of a good relation between the teacher and the students is that if the student has for example a problem at home he can talk with the teacher and he trust him. An other positive aspect is that the sudent might like going to school and they are more motivated if the teacher is funny and they can laugh at the school. If they have a good relation they can make good daily trips like visiting a museum and it's clear that everybody admire a trip with a person with who you go on very well. 

There are good aspects for a good relation with the teacher but it's more important to learn something at the school than having a good relation with the teacher. There are many other people in class with who you can have a friendship and share a good time. You are going to school to learn something and to increase your knowledge and because of that it is really important that the teacher knows about the subject and that he is prepared. If the teacher gives good examples and do good exercises with the students, in the end the students are more happy then on the other way around. If the teacher is an idiot but you learn more it's better for yourself, because your teacher doesn't have to be your "good" friend, he just have to teach you something. One of the main It also prepare you for your job later, because your boss is very rarly your best friend and just a few people relate well with the boss.

In my opinion it is more important that the teacher has an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught, because if you get older and you have a job with a bad boss, you already know the situation. I also think that it is important to learn something from him than he is your freind, because there are others in the class who can be your freinds.