First of all it has to be said that adults are responsible for their children. So if a child around the age of two to five is watching television then his or her parents are responsible for this. So why should it be forbidden? Is the influence on these young children to big or can they handle it?
On the one hand a good point against advertising would be that young children can not decide whether something is good or wrong. So an advertise is influencing them more than older people who are educated and responsible for themselves. So because they can not decide if the advertise is good for them it should be forbidden. Another point would be that their parents have to controll their children all the time when they want to watch television because they can not know if there is a rude advertise. So to stop them, the parents have to watch their children all the time.
On the other hand this really should not be a problem. With television advertising young children can learn what different things there are on television and they can even learn something from it. Maybe they see their next birthday present,their future dream job or even a good education plattform. So advertising does not have to be negative. If there has not been television advertising than they would just watch more movies or series. 

To conclude this topic I would like to mention that the state should not be responsible for two or five year old children by making laws that forbidd television advertising. I think that the parents of our community are the only ones who should say what is right or wrong for their children. But clearly it can influence little boys and girls when they see advertises that are not made for them. So to be really sure that your children is not watching any advertise you have to stop them from watching television and let them play outdoor where they can learn even more from the real world! Because this is what life really is about. To go out and experience the different aspects of life.