In this essay we will talk about the statement that the teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. I think that this statement is true and false at the same time. Because of own experiences I can say that on the one hand it is easier for students to learn something when they like their teachers but on the other hand they should not like eachother too much. The realtion must be from teacher to student, where the teacher earns more respect from the student than viseaversa and not from friend to friend, where both respect eachother in the same level. The job of the teacher is being the teacher of the student and teach him his subject but also help him with problems he might have and not to relate perfectly with him. When the realtion between both is on a good level the student has the best chance to listen what the teacher says and learn. When the student does not like the teacher he might does not want to listen what he says and does not concentrate. The students must think that the teacher is a person to respect and respect their words and knowledge. But important is what the teacher says. He does not need to be the teacher with perfect knowledge about his subject to teach the students something, he needs to know the basics and all the things he learns on the way being a teacher. He can not have a perfect relation to the student and talk shit and stupid things. It is important that the student has the feeling of learning something and getting the konwledge of the teacher. And this in a nice way. It is the task of the teachers to have a good realtion with their students, but it is the task of the students too to learn and listen what the teachers say also when the relation between them is bad. It is the future of the student but the task of the teacher to help him to have a good future. It is much easier for the student with a good relation and he can be desperate to go to school when the relation is not well so the future can be in danger. But when they have a bad relation the relation should not be able to influence for examplkethe grades of the student.  The solution is both, the relation and the knowledge, for the perfect teaching of students.