At one hand of course its good if teacher and students are relating well with each other because then the atmosphere in class is better but on the other hand the most important thing is that the students learn the most and especially right things in the subject and for taht the teacher has to have the excellent knowledge of the subject. But you can say that if the students like the teacher and its because of  the teacher relate very well with the students, maybe they want to learn more, are more quite and have more attention for the lesson. But on the other side the students of course want to write good marks learn and understand everything and for that the teacher needs the best knowledge. I think that as a student you expect that the teacher you were thaught by has the excellent knowledge about the subject he teaches. Of course its cool if you can make jokes with the teachr laugh talk ith him over different things and traet him like a friend but you learn a lot less because the half of a lesson is away by talking or playing games. There is a advantage because if you dont lear the much with the teacher the Examens wont be so hard andso much stuff to laern but the disadvantage is that you as a student want to write your a levels at the end of your schooltime and you want to write it the best you can and for that you need the best knowledge in all subjects and the knowledge were given by the teachers you had in schooltime and for that you want a teacher who prepares you perfectly for the a levels and give you the most knowlege. I am a student myself and in my schooltime until now I had both teacher I had the one who always played games with the class, went outside, ate breakfast or just talked about the life. For me it was cool because I always know I can relax in the lesson with this teacher. And you can imagine that he was the favourite teacher of everyone. But if i look back now what I have learned by this teacher, I dont say nothing but its not much. By the other teacher, the one who wasnt relate this well with us but give us excellent knowledge of course i learned a lot more and understood everything. 
In my opinion a teacher has to be a perfect mix of both, he has to relate well with the students so the students want to learn a lot and like the teacher and he has to give the students the best knowledge he of his subject and trying to prepare the students the best he can for the a levels they write in the end of their schooltime. I have teachers like that and I think this is the best way for the teachers and the students to be happy and to do their job the best.  