Television advertising for young children should not be allowed... or should it? I don't think it should, because in this age you can influence children very easily. Sure, for the market and the economy that's a great thing, but from an other point of view, it's cruel to use the natural believe in good things children have for getting more money.
Big shops try to influence children with loud sonds, flashy lights and exited voices, so they really want to have this new toy, chocolate or whatever is in the advertising, because it seems to be so much fun on television. That's not fair, because children this young often can't think in a logical way about the products, they just see how amazing it's claimed to be and they want it. The people who are selling this products get rich that way, but the familys if the children often lose a lot of money, because most of the time these products are not cheap.
Children are not old enough, and they often don't know enough, to tell the difference between good and bad. The flashy lights on TV impress them so they think the things they see have to be good. 

I know I'm repeating what I just said all the time, but that's just because I dont know a lot this topic. I thought you want to test my english knowledge and not my point of view on TV advertising, I expected questions like "where do you get your knowledege from?" or "how often do you use to speak english?" 
I'm not trying to be disrespectful here, this is just me talking (writing) a little bit of english for you to know I can speak this language, even if I never really thought about television advertising directed toward young children.
Should I talk a little bit about where I get my knowledge from? I know I should not but I've still got four minutes left so.... I watch a lot of english videos an youtube, most of the videos I watch are about guitars or cars, because those are the things I love and I'm interested in. I'm a guitarist myself so I like to gain my skills on youtube. Youtubers like "Music Is Win" or "Simon Smith" are really good for this case. 
And I talk to english people on the internet a lot. 