My oppinion is that it is really important for a teacher that he is very good in his subject and he bring the knowhow over to the students. To relate with the students is of course also very important. But I think a good teacher should know both. A good teacher should find a way to explain the things logical and maybe also withe some games (it depends on the age of course). I think it is also important that the students are interested and have also a little bit fun by learning. Of course some students are more motivated in some subjects that in other subjects - that`s normal. But if a teacher made good lesson and is well prepareded and could explain good , every student is a bit motivated. Also how the teachers speak (loud, clearly etc) or how they standig in front of a class makes a different imagine. If two teachers making the same things in a class, but one teacher speaks very unclearly is the first teacher much better than the second . Most of teachers are very intelligent and know many good things in his subject but he couldn`t explain it to other peole they don`t know something about the subject. Mostly the problem is  that they explain it too difficult for normal students in the age of 15 because they think that is really easy and logical for everybod because they understood it. 
To relate good with students is also really important. For me has to realte with students and excellent knowledge the same importance. Because when a teacher has a excellant knowledge but his social competence is relly bad, nobody will hear at him very interesseted in class. A mix between both would be the best thing but I think this is also very difficult to find. And every human and so of course has a different style to explain, to teach or they have a different social competence.And each person will have a other differnt favorite teacher because of their different style to relate with persons. 
But it is also important that i teacher not too good related with the students, it shouldn`t be like a friendship. The students should hav