While John is watching Toggo, his favorite TV programme his mother enters the room. she starts to get angry:" What are you doing? I told you not to watch Toggo its so much advertising, I'm really getting tired about all this advertising for childrenchocolate and toy stuff! It annoys me and I don't wnat you to see it." she turns the TV off and tells John to wash his hands for lunch. Suddendly John starts to cry: "What? Mummy but thats my favourite serie! I wanna see how max goes for e swim with the dolphin! And can we buy some chocolate? I have seen a advertissment for a very good looking chocolate egg!" Allday Johns mum discuss with John. she hates to see how her son get manipullated by all those advertissments for chlidren. Many people aren't happy with it.
Advertissments ments for children are really good for buisness tells mister Lancelot A. from the Toy's house. its much easier to sell ware when children ask their parents if they can get something as when parents would buy it for them to bring it home ones a year. Its also nice for the kids when they see live is also for children, even TV shows everything for them and it's not only for adults. Lancelot is happy with his concept and he would never cancel it how I understand soon. BUt there are also many advertiser (contra) advertissments towards that young children.In first place they are parents and young adults. they don't understand how some people can missbrauchen children for their buisiness. they say children need a free live without someone who tells the what is good or bad or in or out and their time playing out got much shorter since they need more time to watch TV because every serie goes longer beause of the advertisment breaks. Somehow I would say it destroys their free childhood thells us sandra M. a mother from South Caroline. 
Finally I can say I understand all these mothers. I don't think it makes sense that they see all these advertissments. They can go to the Toy shops theyselfs and choose the toys they like. they can go to the supermarket and can ask their mum themselves if they could buy the cholclate. but they could live free 