As I don't have any children and don't remember my childhood very clearly, I don't remember my behaviour against television advertising and so, I'm not able to answer this question from a child's point of view, but from a teenager's one. 
There are some arguments against television advertising directed towarts young children, for example the fact, that young people under the age of five don't know the consequences of television advertising. The marketing and advertising branche has the aim to gane lots of consumers by presenting a product as attractive as possible. Many people believe, what they are told and buy the product. We are a consumer soceity and if there's a chanche to buy a product, which is attractive and cheap, we buy it. I think this is a big problem of our soceity, - we believe everything without asking ourselves, if we really need this product.
Many adults know, that what we are told isn't always true, children don't. They just want to buy the new toy and don't understand that everything costs money and nothing is for free today. 
But on the other hand, many adults don't know the consequences and the goal of advertising, either. They buy many things, too. For example, if there's a new smartphone dropped, many people will want to buy this smartphone, because it's new. They do already have a smartplone, but they are told that the latest one  was better. And they believe it. 
So the advertising is like a which circle. If we believe ones, what the producer tells us, we'll always believe it. I don't think television advertising is only a problem for young children, but also for teenagers and adults. But what should we do? Shouldn't we just say that all television advertising shouldn't be allowed. I think we couldn't don't do that. Without advertising, an enterprise woldn't gane any consumers at all and it would run out of money. 
To conclude, we can say that advertising is a today's proplem, but not only for children, but for the whole soceity. We can't do anything against advertising, but we can change our behaviour and start to think, if we really want to buy everything we don't need. 