The question whether it is better to be able to relate well with students than having excellent knowledge is often discussed among students. Of course, there are pros and cons.

On the one hand, a teacher needs to be able to be empathetic. Without this ability it isn´t possible to teach a subject. The students musst feel that the one who is teaching at the front of the classroom is a human like everyone else. He should appear as a supporting person, not as a strict person who only has the aim to give bad marks. Consequently, the teacher needs a good -but professional- personal reltion to each student. I have seen it very often in my life as a student that teacher who get along with students well are better "graded" by students as ones who doesn´t care about any personal realtion or personal interests of students. 

On the other hand, a teachers job is to teach topics of a specific subject. Without excellent knowledge of the subject being taught it isn´t possible to teach a complex iussue successfully. In this case, also, evidence is shown in my life as a student. There are teachers who are nice as a person, but they don´t have any knowledge which goes beyond the average. Sometimes even students know more special facts about the topic. Of course, that doesn´t work. A teacher needs to have a better knowledge than a student. Other cases would classify teachers to the same level or grade than students have.

As a conclusion, we need to find a way which includes both the ability to relate well with students and the excellent knowledge of the subject. A teacher is a good teacher if he has an knowledge of the subject being taught which is at least better than the average knwoledge of a student. Then, a teacher should behave in a way which gives a feeling of cooperation to the students. A combination of that improves the climate of a lesson. It leads to more taught knowledge, too, because no stundet has motivation for learning if the lesson is boring, the teacher behaves arrogantly or only talks in subject-specific language which isn´t understood by the whole class. 

Luckily, there are many teachers who teach nearly in the described way. Unfortunately, there are also as many bad teachers as there are good ones. Finally, some teachers need to improve their skills -personal skills or knowledge skills-, but with opportunities like workshops this souldn´t be a problem.