In the following text I will agree or disagree with the statement "A teachers ability to relate well with the students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught". 

On the one hand I think it is very important to relate well with the students. If the students like a teacher they`ll more like to learn or to participate in a lesson. I personally can say that the relation to a teacher is very important. Participation in lessons or doing homework is more fun if I like the teacher. If I don`t like a teacher I am not really part of a lesson and my oral grades are worse. On the other hand the knowledge of a teacher is also important. The students will respect the teacher much more if he seems to be very intelligent. However there are different types of teacher. Some teachers are very strict so the students participate or are forced to participate anyway of they like the teacher. It also depends on personal goals. Students who want to be good in every subject and get good grades have to learn and do homeworks for every teacher whether they like him or not. The knowledge of a teacher is also very important for the future. If a teacher teaches you very well and you learn a lot it will have positive influences on your future. You will have problems if you get a new teacher or in other cases if you had a stuid teacher you didn`t really learn of. I once had a really strict teacher who was very intelligent. After a teachers change i can say that still don`t like him but he tought me very well. He taught me very well and I learned a lot of him but I didn`t get good grades a all. Consequently I prefer teachers who are kind of medium intellegent, well every teacher has to be intelligent otherwise he wouldn`t be a teacher, but for me a good relationship is very important.

To conclude I can say that the correctness of that statement depends on the student. I personally agree with the statement because for me the relation to a teacher is really important. The best case is if you have got a very kind teacher who is also very intelligent.