New studies have shown the significant importance of so called "positive psychology" to strenghten up the qualities and the ability to achieve good results. From this knowledge onwords you have to come to the conclusion that a teacher´s ability to relate well with students is far more important than excellent knowledge of the subject beeing thought. To put it in other words. A good relationship to students leads to a good school climate. And this positve atmosphere is, and there can be no doubt, an important factor to do well at school.
Of course you can argue that a teacher with less knowledge and qualification is contraproductive for student´s development of knowlegde and other skills. But we do not talk about less knowledge. We just diskuss about the major important issue which does not mean that teacher are allowed to enter school without any sort of education. Furthermore there is a big difference between knowledge and different other skills I would have summed up under the expression soft skills. I believe that a good ability to relate well to students is of paramount important to support these soft skills. For example, if a teacher trusts in me and is able to raise a safe atmosphere than I am sure I am more selfconfident and will perform in a better way.
I would even go as far as to say that the most important aim of school is not to transfer knowledge. From my perspective the schools major task is to strenghten up the soft skills of the students.
And those soft skills, to conclude, are significantly based on the teacher´s ability to relate well with students.
But why do I think so? Well, I have already shown the power of a metaphorical "safe atmosphere". To go a little bit more in detail I want to fokuss on the point of "positive psychology" I have already mentions at the beginning.
"Positive psychology" means that people benefit from the influence of positive and motivating expressions and compliments. For instance they strenghten up there selfconvidence, so that also shy students learn and start to speak in public. And the ability to speak in public, just as an addition, is very important in the business world after school. Moreover students can get through the use "positive psychology" into "flow" which mean that they are deep in their task and can work significantly more effictively.
These are just two examples of the importance of "positive psychology" which even show the importance of them. And teacher are able to transer this into lessons if they strenghten up their ability to relate well with students which is why I am convinced that this ability is more important thatn excellent knowledge of the subject beeing taught.