In our sociaty advertising is a very normal thing to do. People are used to it and often adjust their behaviour of watching to the advertising breaks. For example many people go to the tiolet when there is a break because of advertising. They don´t think of the real function of advertising. The function is to influence the viewer and make him remember special products. Also if you know about that function it still works. So what about the children?
 The children don´t know about the function and are exrtemely easy to influence. This way companies could be able to make children buy things and influence the way they use their money which is a questionable thing to do. Nowadays children are watching TV increasingly often because their parents need to work, maybe also at home. That fact is making the advertising adressed to children even worse because the parents often don´t watch their children while they are sitting in front of the TV. Actually you can compair it to the internet. There is a lot of advertising inviting the children to click on and see whether there might be something intresting for them. The TV is not as extreme as the net because it can´t collect information about a single person and adjust the ads to what the person is interested in. But the advertising on TV is closer to life because often they are made of short spots that you do watch, instead of showing pictures like the net does it. 
Actually I´d say that the responibility to teach the children a good use of money is at the parents, but to their defense they can´t always "fly above their children" and watch them all day long. They have to work, too. 
That´s why I would say that it should be illegal to direct advertising to children, especially if they are between two and five because it doesn´t only make them buy things, it also influences the developement of their brain in a bad way. For that TV is not a good thing to do at all, but the advertising leaves traces in their heads. I guess everyone learned some TV spots by heart one time which is exactly the purpose of advertising. But in my opinion this purpose is no good for children at all.
This is why I would support making it illegal to direct TV spots to children.