An important point in aour modern society is the media. There are many different possibilities to use it and also many different ways to think about it. 
A topic which is discused by many is the influence of television and internet on young children. it is often questioned if so young children should be allowed to watch TV or use the internet this often.

First of all it is important to make a distance between normal stuff on TV an series which are made especially for young children. Some parents thnk that those shows aren´t good for their children because it is just some dump content or unimportant facts. 
But others think it is good for children to wach TV because they can learn things for their life or they get someone to look up to except their parents.
It is important to included that there are also different kinds of shows for children. Some are made directly for teaching and others are just made for entertainment. 
Some critics say that parents should use the childhood and even the early childhood of their children to do something as a family. For example to play outside or visit a zoo but the TV is not good for children because they would learn from nonexisting characters what life is about.
Others say that it is a good posibility for parents who have to work alot because they can keep an eye on their children but they have the time for their job too.
To take a look at the topic from another position the television is good for young children because it is another way to teach them how to speak or how to name different things. 
When children wch TV they have got the chance to talk to their friends about it and maybe their parents can use it to introduce them into the daily life.

To summerize it is anyway a topic which will be discussed alot in the future because there are many positive points but also many points against it. 
In my opinion it is good that there are shows for children but they shouldn´t watch them if they are to young and they also shouldn´t watch TV too often otherwise that could effect an addiction. But I don´t think TV shows for young children should be banned in generally.