It is often complained about how teachers either don't know how to explain certain things or teach them to pupils. Also according to most students, teachers can't relate to their problems and don't pay attention when somebody doesn't quite understand or they give too much homework. These kinds of complaints lead me to the following question. What is the duty of a teacher, to relate with students and understand them thouroughly, or to be super knowledgable about his/her subject?
I think that a teacher has to be able to do both. It is just as important knowing how students think and how one could could help them, as knowing the subject well and being able to teach without making any mistakes.

It's important that teachers can relate with their students because for students to actually learn and understand, the subject must be taught correctly. If a teacher just rushes through a topic and doesn't explain it properly because it seems so easy to him/her, students won't learn. It is absolutely necessary for a teacher to know how well the students are doing with a certain topic, if they need help, and if he/she needs to find another way to explain something.

On the other hand it is very important that teachers are well educated in their subject and know exactly what they are talking about. Sadly, it happens quite often that teachers make mistakes and teach them to their pupils. Most of the time the students don't notice because they're not familiar with the topic.
It is absolutely necessary for a teacher to be excellent at their subject and don't make mistakes while teaching.

In conclusion I think that a teacher needs both abilities just as much: To relate well with students and to have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
A teacher's duty often gets underestimated but he/she are in control of what are future is going to look like. As we say "The kids are the future", it is most important that our future is in good hands and is being taught understandingly and correctly.

