In the following essay i want to discuss the following statement:"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."
At first i want to show arguments for a higher importance of an excellent knowledge. I think the excellent knowledge is more important as a well relationship between the teacher and the students because they are in school to learn, learn as much as possible for their later life. It is important that the students get the best education they can get from a teacher who knows almost everything of the subject he taughts, because the aim of the school is to prepare a student for the work and/or the studium after the school. And for example almost every studium relates very much to the topics in school and of course a teacher is bad if he doesn't know well about his subject. Then he makes is job bad.
On the other side a teacher has to relate well with students to teach them the subject as they are able to learn it the best. A teacher who knows everything about his or her topic is not a good teacher, as the word says, if he can not teach the subject well. He has to interact with the students, so they can learn the biggest part of his knowledge as the can. For example with a teacher who only says the whole lesson what he knows, the students can not learn very much, but with a teacher having fun with the class, doing lessons with many diferent mediums the brain is able to learn much more and then the exercise with the highest priority of a school, teaching students to prepare them for their later life is well done.
Finally, all arguments are showing that both points are important and the exercise of a good teacher is to combine both things, because then a student learns the most, as easy as possible in school. Of course a good teacher can only teach if the student / the students want to learn something and interact with the teacher. 
In my opinion a good relationship with my teachers is very important, because the lessons are making more fun and i can learn things better. Butt of course the teacher should not be stupid and should the best in his subject to makes his job good.
