I believe that the statement is correct, but there are many aspects to a good teacher.

A good teacher obviously has to know his or her subject well, but if he or she is not capable of presenting the information and bringing the subject closer to the students, all the knowledge in the world an be close to inutile for those who try to learn from the teachers. My math teacher is a great example for this: he is a brilliand mathmatician and very enthusiastic teacher, but it is very hard to learn from him because he is a terrible presenter and does not know how we students think. While we try to learn math he tries to learn how to communicate with people and propperly represent his subject for his students.
On the other hand my former english teacher is an excellent teacher. Even I, a native speaker, was able to learn a lot from him. He himself is not a native speaker and together we both used to learn more about the subject while he was teaching. Learning occured in every single lesson I had with him. His good teaching was not based on a close relationship with the students, but with a very well controlled and optimized relationship. I do not like this teacher as a person but I admire him as an instructor. He related well to us by being able to tell when the class understood something and when we needed help with other subjects. What was most exciting was when the roles started to change and the teacher became the student and was able to relearn his strongest subjet from a different point of view.
Another extraordinairy teacher is my chemistry teacher. He teaches us as if we were his own children and proves every word he sais with an experiment. His teaching definetly is based on a great relationship with his class and he is probably the most liked teacher by all of us. He also lets us learn an discover new things on our own. That is probably the best part about his classes: we all get the chance to rediscover chemistry for ourselves.
I would say this teacher and my parents are the people from whom I learned most in life. And usually we all, the teacher and the students, profited and learned most when we had a functioning learning enviroment provided by a good and functioning relationship between the teacher and the student. When I can learn well from a teacher and enjoy being in his or her class, I myself feel motivated to become a teacher someday.