We live in a time where the media just gets more important every day. We are conencted with everybody through it and you cannot live without it anymore. This is a great possibility for advertising. Whenever you consum the media you need to be able to handle all these adverstisment. Esspecially the television is known for its long breaks between TV-shows. But how should we deal towards small children as they whatch television too. Should you allow the advertisment directed to them too?
On the one hand, they can learn pretty much from it. It is the phase where they start speaking and learning the language. Whatching TV will help them. Moreover, they become more creative due to the fact that there are many diffrent kind of ad's. In addition, they get to know the world and what they can discorver out there. You should also think about that they get some nice intention what they want to be interested in as advertisment shows them many diffrent situations. 
On the other hand, it is not so good to be infront of the TV for little children and watching advertisment what will acctually happen if you allow advertisment for them. Children should discover the world with their own eyes and get used to everything by themselfs and meet friends or do some sports. Furthermore, there are advertisments that are not for their age group. It is completley useless to age restrict movies and TV-shows if noone cares abotu this in advertisment. Last, you should mention that children and esspecially babys have no own opinion. They get inspired by everything and they cannot make a diffrence between the normal television and the advertisment. That is the real problem due to the point that children get convinced so easily and fast that they want to buy everything what is in the advertisemnt.
To come to an end I think that you should not allow advertisment for young children. It is so important that they ahve no own opinion. If they have no chance to create it for themself they will be lsot in the future and get convinced by everything. Watching TV in genreal shouldnt be allowed for those young children because they should rather do something outside then wasting time infront of their TV indoors. 
 