The interaction between teachers and students is a very important aspect of today's education. Some opinions say that an excellent knowledge of the subject is the most essential attribute of a good teacher whereas other people claim that it is more important that a techer is able to understand his students, to relate well with them. In my opinion, an excellent knowledge of the subject is probably more useful. Nevertheless, I also believe that the ability to relate is a mandatory aspect of teaching. This essay gives some reasons that underline my opinion.

The main goal of education is to give over the knowledge to a new generation. Therefore, it is clear that a teacher has to have sufficient knowledge himself. How else should he be able to teach? However, this does not yet support my opinion that a teacher needs excellent knowledge. It would be enough for him to just know exactly what he has to teach, given by the "Lehrplan". As a result, most of the lessons would seem like a presentation where students can't even ask any questions because a teacher without knowledge wouldn't be prepared and could not answer them.Thus, school would become much less interactive and would lose its individuality which is boring for most students.

Usually, a teacher that knows a lot about his subject does so because he is very enthautiastic and excited about it. Teacher who also show this can have a positive affect on students. Many will become more interested for a specific topic if they see that their teacher loves talking about it and loves what he is doing. On the other hand, a teacher who seems not to like his job has a negative influence and makes his students being bored. Many studies have shown that we learn much faster if we are interested and that's why it is important that well-educated teachersshow their excitement for a subject.

In conclusion, both aspects, the ability to realte well with students and an excellent knowledge, have a positive learning effect for students. I think, an excellent knowledge is more useful for a great part of studetents as it covers more the main the purpose of education, giving already gained knowledge to a new generation.



