It is important that the teacher knows his subject exactly and that he/she teaches the right things, but if he/she is not friendly with the students nobody will learn anything. The students will be more friendly with the teacher if the teacher is too, so the lessons will be better for everyone. If the teacher shows that he/she understands the students and he/she shows that he/she knows what problems the students have, the relation between them will be better and the teacher has it easier to teach the students what he has to.
It wont work if the teacher knows his subject very well but hasn't a good relation with his students. They won't listen and will be loud. But in the other case, if the teacher doesn't know his subject very well, it won't be too good for the students as well. When the teacher teaches the wrong things and the students listen to him/her and trust him/her cause the like him/her they will have a hard life. For example they are in the fith class and they have an english teacher. They like him/her very much, cause he/she is always funny and friendly, so they believe every word he/she sais, cause the haven't ever learned the right way, but he/she teaches the wrong things, the students will learn the wrong things and they will believe that this is the right way. When those students will come in the seventh grade they will have big problems. They will have another teacher and maybe this time the teacher knows english better and knows how to use the correct grammar, but the students won't. They believe that the wrong way, they were thaught for two years, is the right one, so they will have to start from zero. That would be the worst case and a will-be-teacher that doesn't know anything of his subject won't become a real teacher, but sometimes there is such a teacher. So i think that a teacher should be nice to his students and he/she should know how to comunicate with children, but it is also very important, that the teacher knows his/her subject. He/She has not to be the best math-teacher ever, or a scientifical-newton or a new einstein, but the teacher should know his subject so good that he/she is able to teach no wrong things.