In the following, I will discuss the question whether a teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

 On the one hand, it is pretty obvious that at least some relation to the students is necessary as otherwise they would not be able to learn anything from the teacher. For istance, if a teacher does not take notice that the students have not understood the point, or even if he do not care, the studens will not learn anything from him and therefore it is irrelevant what kind of excellent knowledge the teacher has.

On the other hand though, the relations to the students is not more important than the teacher´s knowledge because the students wouldn´t learn anything at all. That´s why it does not matters then how good the relation is if there is no good knowledge that can be taught.
For example, a teacher has become teacher because he likes children and so he becomes their "best friend". This seems nice but this misses the main goal of school and teaching which is the transfer of knowledge.

Last but not least, we also need to consider the students. They are probably more willing to learn new things from people they know or like. That implies that the more they know each other the more they willing to listen and to learn.
E.g. a teacher is building trust between him and his students. The students are now more eager to listen to him and to follow his advice. In this environment it also possible to give feedback to each other and therefore to optimize the teaching.

All in all, in my opinion the relation of teachers with students is not more important than his knowledge, I would say roughly equal. However in my experience the relations are actually rather underrated these days. Especially when orking with younger people this ability gets more important. 
Also I would like to mentioned that many teachers act quiet dogmatic with their teaching methods due to a lag of open-midness towards the students` feedback.