This is a truly though question to answer. The ability to relate with students and high knowledge of the subject are both very important. Being able to relate with the students is especially important in helping them understand the subject. If the knowledge of said subject is however not wide enough, this cannot be achieved, no matter how well one might be able to relate and interact with the students. Teachers with excellent knowledge but not very high competence in interacting with students are how most of the teachers quite some time ago were. This way of teaching can work. The problem however is, that the students, unless they perfectly understand it anyways, have to invest alot of time and energy even when they're not in school. They also may have to seek advice from other sources, such as their parents. This can be quite time consuming for some, and therefore also very frustrating. It is, in my opinion best suited at school with a very high level, such as university. The other extreme, high competence in interacting with the students, but rather low knowledge of the subject is mostly found at kindergardens and such. The subjects aren't yet as difficult as later on and the kids also need more help since they're not yet well educated at figuring things out for themselves. With the schools getting more advanced and the students getting older, importance of knowledge about the subject also exceedingly grows. The ability to relate with students also gets less and less important. It is, of course, always a very usefull skill but the importance shrinks quite significantly. Older students should be able to figure out things they dont understand by themselves, through consulting other sources, even though it is of course very convenient for them when the teacher is able to help them.
Having considered all this, I have to say that i do not agree with the statement given. They are both, of course, very important skills and they are both needed. At the end of the day however, I do have to go with excellent knowledge of the subject being more important. But again, there's always gotta be a good balance between those two, even though that balance differs based on the students age and the school level they're at.