"A teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knoweledge of the subject being taught", this statement has made for quite a bit of controversy over the last couple years, as a student myself i think i´m rather qualified to form a good opinion on the matter so i will do just that, furthermore i will try to convince you of my stance on the topic.

Of course it is important for a teacher to be able to relate well with the students, but if he doesn´t know his subject well enough the students won´t be able to learn much from him, but the extreme opposite, a teacher which is an expert at the topic but can´t relate to his students at all isn´t any good either. He might know a lot but he needs to be able to convey his knowledge to the students or else his attempts as a teacher are futile.
So i argue that a perfect teacher is able to relate well with his students and also knows his subject well, but we don´t live in a perfect world so what´s more important?
I say the knowledge of the subject is more important than an excellent relation to his students, because then, the students that have a high interest in learning and want to know more about the subject have a source on which they can rely. Of course a teacher that relates well with his students would have a better time with more difficult students maybe making them good in lower branches of education, where not as much sheer knowledge is required. But when it comes to the higher levels, e.g. Gymnasium or University then having someone with a thourough knowledge of the subject at hand in the room is extremely helpfull for people that have the wish to learn.
The danger here of course being that the slower students might get left behind and due to the missing relation with the teacher wouldn´t dare to ask him for help but that´s the very idea of Darwinism, weeding the ones out that aren´t able to keep up, leaving behind only the ones with the will and the ability to achieve greatness.
Isn´t that why we have different branches of education, so that every student find his place in the educational system?

So i argue that a teacher with an excellent knowlege of his subject might be the best thing that could ever happen to a motivated student, even if the relation between them might not be the best.