Every teacher has a personalised method for teaching. Many try different technices out and see what works and what fails with their students. A good method combined with excellent knowledge of the subject is probably the best way to teach them something for life; or at least als long as they need it.Often though, it is said that knowledge is not the key for teaching a subject. Many would argue that a teacher must rather be able to relate to their students than be very knowledgable in their subject.

It is indeed important. Simply standing in front of a class and thowing loads of information at them might work in the beginning, but soon it will not be good enough. If a teacher can adjust the way the knowledge is given on to the class that receives it, they will be able to process and remember it better, even if it is less knowledge. Furthermore, when a teacher understands the problems their students are facing, they can support and aid them to overcome those problems, and finally, with a closer, but still appropriate connection to the teacher, for example if it is clear to them that said teacher understands them, students would be motivated to make an effort to do better.

On the other hand, a teacher needs knowledge of the subject, since a good relationship with the students, but unsufficient experties in the subject is as infertile as great knowledge and no way to pass it on. The if the teacher can cover only the basics there is also a problem, since students who could advance faster in the subject are forced to go at a slower pace, they can't use their full potential and gradually lose interest and motivation.

The relationship of a teacher to their students and their knowledge in their subject have to be balanced to be as efficient as possibe. Of course, if both qualities were at maximum level the result would be the best. The most important point to keep in mind is that every class is special, as every student in it is special, and the pace and level, as well as the means used in the lessons, have to be adjusted, recombined or left away if it is clear that they are a deterent for the students.