I think the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge in the taught subject isn't totally right but also not totally wrong.
The aim of the school system and every single teacher should be the best possible education of students. Excellent knowledge is quite important to reach this aim, because someone who doesn't know anything or doesn't understand a topic completely can't transmit or explain the information to unknowing people.
But in our school system it's obviously, that every teacher once studied one, two or three subjects, went to university and knows more about the topics than the school asks them to teach.
The ability of a teacher to relate well with students isn't taught in university. It's right that there are times the future-teachers learn something about social behavior, integration and the best learning methods, but these topics don't take so much space as the probably should.
Most students will relate to the statement that nothing can be more demotivating than a bad teacher who doesn't like you and gives you bad grades and you are not able to do anything about it. Sure there will always be teachers and students that just can't deal with each other, but the task of a teacher is to treat all students the same. This is quite a big problem, that could be solved in university or with teachings in school.
For most of the students it's not important what they learn. It's important how they learn. No student ever was interested in every single topic from maths over english to politics. But the big difference why some students are more motivated, have more fun or better grades is not only their intelligence or character. The ability to teach and the realationship of a teacher to his students is quite more important.
If you have a teacher you like, you'll be more motivated to learn, even if the subject is one you normally hate. And if you feel that your teacher supports you and wants you to have good grades, you'll try and you won't be frustrated or angry, because you have the feeling the whole system doesn't even give you a chance.
A good teacher has to have the ability to understand the students, feel with them, see their problems and creating intresting lessons, connected with knowledge. Students will never ask for the deepest knowledge and extra complicated formulars, they ask for teachers that seem human and try to supportb them on their way to adulthood.
