The statement :"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowllege of the subject being taught", can be answered in many differnt way's. Because there are many different oppinions form many different people. For example a student would answer in a differnt way as the parents. 
Shurely it is pretty important that the teachers have a good connection to their students and is well related to them. Kids will go to school every single day with a more or less smile over their faces. Learning something with a nice teacher makes more fun, as if a teacher is standing infornt of them who is not excepted by the students.
But only being a nice guy who is friendly and well related with students is also not the best.
Teachers should know at least something of what they are telling the students in there subject. A teacher who has no idea of what he is doing in his lessons isin't that good. Kids are going to school because they have to learn something, and if the get a teacher who also has to learn the points of his own taught subject the result would not be that good. For the students as well as for the teacher. To write a class test is a must in every year of school. So if the teachers cannot teach his stuff correct so that the students are familiar with it the outcome of his test is clear. It cant be goog, because they have no idea of what thex are doing. Kids will loose the fun of learning and going to school, if they have to wake up early in the morning and go to school for no reason, because they are learning nothing eather. 
I think that a healthy mixture would be the best for all. A good aducated teacher with a high amount of knowllege of his subject, but still nice and calm with his students, would represent the perfect teacher. Learning new stuff would get much easier for many students, because they have the chance to have fun while learning. Making jokes in lessons is not bad for the working climate of the class. And if the teachers accepts it, but still wants to teach his stuff corectly in the time he got, would be the best for all of them. 