Television advertising deirected towards children is a theme often discussed by various groups of people. There are arguments for and against it and it isn't easy to decide wether it should be allowed or not. In this essay I'm going to weigh up the reasons to forbid and the reasons to allow television advertiing directed towards young children.

First of all if the selled product is an object invented for children, why shouldn't the advertising be directed towards the children? Today the television is one of the easiest ways to communicate with people and to reach out to them. Because a lot of young children watch television on a regular basis why not use the opportunity and show them what products meant for them are on the market?
An Argument against the point stated above is, that the children don't have to pay for the products them self and they don't know how to deal with money. When they see something they like on television they're probably going to ask their parents to buy it. For families with higher incomes this isn't a huge problem but parents who can't afford these toys or books or whatever is being selled are going to disappoint their children, because they cannot understand why they can't get it. 
Beside that  children are very manipulative and get excited easily. They can't decide wheter they need the product or not because they're blinded by the advertisment and its promises. If some childrens parents can afford the products and some can't, there is going to be rivalry and jealousy because of the promises of the advertising, that this product is the best and if you have it you're better then evryone else.
But then again there are a lot of ways how parents who don't want their children to see the advertising can prevent them from watching it, like telling them to do something else like brushing their teeth or clearing up their room or  just mute the television while advertising is played. Like this everyone can decide wheter they allow advertising in their home or not.



I personally think that advertising directed towards young children should be allowed because now a days where else can you reach ot to children as easy as on television. And i don't think it harms children in any way. Added to this i think it's the parents decision if they want their children to watch advertising or not.