Today there are television advertisings for everything, directed toward everyone. But is it really a good idea to show advertisings that are directed toward young children?

Children shouldn't be manipulated.
You could say that if there are products for children, like toys, then it should be them who see it. Today every product is advertised to have a chance on the market and it would be no use, if those advertisings would be directed toward adults, who (at least the most of them) aren't interested in toys for children.
But the problem is that children don't understand what an advertising is. They can't distinguish between what they really need and what they are just told that they need. A child believes the "big and wise" adult who tells it (with a big smile on his face to show that he cares for the child) that it's absolutely necessary to buy this product. Children are easy to manipulate - but manipulating is a bad thing.

It's quite unfair toward parents to speculate that they will buy their children everything they want.
Maybe there are some parents who always get stressed as soon as their child has its birthday, because they don't know at all what gift they should buy. So if the child sometimes is watching television, it knows exactly what presents it wants. There wouldn't be any need of looking at all the gift catalogs or going in gift shops (which, honestly, isn't that funny with a child who wants every second thing it sees).
But it's also a manipulative thinking that parents will buy exactly the things their children want. People who make these advertisings speculate that the children will tell their parents so often what they want, until the parents will just buy it so the child stops complaining. Also a child should be able to be happy for every present it gets - and not just for the toys it sees at television advertisings. It can be quite fun to go with children to gift and toy shops. And even if parents don't have the time for it, or just don't like it, they will think alot about what to buy their children and don't want to just have to buy the toys from television (which are mostly quite unnecessary) to make their child happy.

My opinion is, that there shouldn't be television advertisings toward children. There are enough other influences in this world, which aren't always good. A child should learn to have its own opinion, to know what it really . wants or needs. And not what everyone else thinks is cool or what the television says is funny. Different interests are important - a child should learn to be itself and not like the child in the advertising.