Many people believe, that the job of a teacher includes more than just teaching. A teacher, in their opinion, is also a counselor, a person you can trust and who can help you eventhough the subject is not about the class. If a teacher get's on well with his students their more likely to like the class more in general. Having a teacher who's distant, never talks about things outside the school or makes jokes can be very unmotivational. A big problem students also face with some teachers is their way of thinking that comes with not being able to relate to the students. They look through the eyes of a teacher and may forget that we teenagers need our freetime to hang out, rest oder practice sports or hobbies in general. Having this point of view they tend to give a lot homework or make exams on inappropriate dates. Often they can also forget how difficult a subject can be because they've studied it for many years. Then they move on too fast or don't explain some things because they seem so logic to them but the students may have never heard these things or have forgotten them a long time ago.

On the other hand it's very important to have a teacher who knows the subject very well. I think especially in lingual classes it can have negative affects if the teacher can't pronounce the words right and continues to teach their pronounciation to the students. Also it's can be distracting and quite annoying having a teacher who always makes mistakes or has to look up things in books. It slows down the progress and the stundents don't really learn much.

In my opinion I think that the statement is kind of true. Being a student myself who mostly never pays attention at school, I can confirm that having a teacher who can realate to us students and has a good realtionship with us makes me like some classes I normally wouldn't like. In the contrary I have classes I love but hate because the teacher isn't good. But I also think that one can't look at this statement with a black and white point of view.