The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed" is a very controversy but actual theme.
I definitely think it should not be allowed to show little children advertisements. Firstly because they see it often enough in public or here it on the radio. Secondly because advertisement on television is so much more deep and figurative because of the possibility of filming, picture mmaterial, special affects connected with sound, lightning, colouring and camera movings. 
These huge ammount of information and pictures in such a short time is too much for little children's brains and could lead to headache or other physical and even psychical problems. 
Another thing is how you could seperate advertisement for grown ups and for children. Nobody knows which television programms children watch and nobody knows during wich time of the day. So it would be dramatic if a little child sees advertising for or against war, beer or cigarrets. Like I said earlier children going to see these things soon enough so they should not be confronted with this in an even more accurate way on television as well.
Advertising often leads to depressions or self-harming, anxiety or eating disorders for many boys and girls (aged ten to more or less open end)according to several studies. People start to compare themself or their life with others. Actually they compare with advertisement whichdefinitely does not show real life and is always faked in many points. But advertising seems to be real especially on television so people dont see how unusual and unnatural it is. 
This is a never ending circle because people will always find new things to compare with, new trends are going to show up, advertising will change and companies produce new ones fitting to the newest trends.
Bacuse of that it is important to safe children from these wrong pictures and impressions about how life is which they get from advertising. It is more important to show and teach them the real things that matter in life or even little aspects for example what a strawberry is and how it real and natural taste is. The children of today are getting so fast old and behave or have to behave like teenagers or grown ups that it is very important to let them be little children as long as they can. 