F= m x G x h. That's something we are supposed to learn in school. Physics for example is know to be a somewhat harder subject that lots of people have trouble understanding. But maybe that could change, if only the teacher would be more interested in the students and what they do outside of school. in that way they could use some of these interests to explain harder theories, which then would be remembered more easely. 
 
So i have to agree with this statement, that it's more important having the ability to relate to the students than teaching them the subject of ones experties. There are so many techares that just teach. They talk, show pictures and give us tasks to solve. It's pretty much what we call school. It's the boring aspect of it. But what already stands out, if we are talking about "teching methods", is that when there is a teacher that is really ambisious about his subject or topic, which then automatically apprears to be more interesting to the students. It's a pleasuure for the teacher and it becomes a pleasure for the pupils because the way the teacher explains it, vividly and passionately, is fascinating. 
But of course this isn't all. To go back to the statement, teachers, to really take the students into the topic and for having them participating avtively, they have to understand the students and the kind of people they are. It can differ so much teaching to adults, teenagers or children. The interests differ and so do the importance of some topics. A teacher should understand what these kids are dealing with, and with that knowledge he could automatically make them more interested in the topics he is teaching. If there is no interests in these young people and even less in the topic itself, why even try to teach it to them? 

It's rare nowdays to have teachers that are interested in students and that teach well. And if there is one in a million, they never stay. I guess the system we live in, doesn't quite allow having somewhat personal relationships or general interests in topics. But it would make a vast change if there would be more interests in who the person is teaching it. 