Between todays tv shows lots of all kind of advertising spots play. And this also on channels that are for toddlers and children, that are especially made for this age group. Should that be allowed or not? 
Firtsly, what would a channel do if he hadn't any commercials to play? Less people would buy stuff and less money would be earned. He couldn't pay all the tv shows that are on and we would soon not have  a lot of tv entertainment for our children left. In addition to that the advertisments lead to a littke break after a tv show where the kids can play, get themselves some food or, maybe in more rare cases, decide to stop watching tv. They would sit the whole day in front of the screen because Mickey Mouse plays non stop and why would you even want to do something different then? Commercials "annoy" them and maybe get them to turn off the tv. 
On the other hand are also some disadvantages that come with tv spots. For example the kids get confronted with so many advertisements that want them to buy their stuff, that our generation will slip into a state of a non stop consume. They will always want more and more. This new barbie, that new play station. That can't be healthy in the long term. They also take the childhood from them. Lots of todays kids don't play with they teddy bears anymore or go out to build a sandcastle. Instead a lot of new media comes to the market which includes for example all kinds of gaming systems. Kids will be more and more consumed by these machines and that doesn't bring a lot of benefits for them. They would rather play outside at the fresh air instead of staring on their Ipads the whole day through.
In conclusion there's probably not much to do about these commercials. They need to be played, otherwise the channels will be broke soon. But it's also not that helpful for our children to grow up, especially when they advertise lots of digital things to play with. 
In my opinion the ones that advertise such things should be banned from the kid's television. They can play commercials for puppets or the newest monster truck racing lane, but not advertisements that destroy a beautiful childhood.