The sentence mentioned before inherits that televison advertising ditrected towards children aged two to five should not be allowed. In the following i am going to discuss whether i agree or disagree with the previous statement.
First of all it is to be said that children at the mentioned age are not able to purchase something on their own meaning that they on their own do not state a purchasing-force. This point makes it seemingly obvious that it is no good idea reffering to the specific companies sake to waste so much money in order to influence persons which are not even able to buy something on their own but do not give in such an easy way and think about it a bit more. If you do that you are going to get to the conclusion that, yes they cannot purchase something on their own but obviously they are able to influence their parents or third persons in buying something for them. Saying that the advertising follows the sole plan to influence the young children which should again manipulate their parents for example in buying something for them. In my opinion this alone is sufficient to make one come up with a thought. The thought that companies like that, which actually do something as malicious as influencing children ,who are likely not even able to state what they really want, and just come up with the first best thing to have are truly evil comes right to ones mind. I would like to state another point: In addition to that it proved to be true that some kind od advertisements are able to truly influence and damage the children as well. For example there has been an advertisement in the early ninetees which stated a product that was presented to the audience. Until this it seems to be fairly normal but what what follows is truly malicious; The whole time the spot was set in motion there has been some kind of ultra-high frequency tone which was not hearable for the human ear but unfortunately it affected our brain and made us want to purchase that product. There is probability that young children have something like that too, something that triggers something in them, probably damages them and makes them influencing their parents in order to buy something for them.

I personally believe that it is, even for the companies, not purpose fulfilling if they try to influence such young people, because they simply do not state a purchasing-force on their own and need to depend on another factor if they want to sell their products. If the companies would just make advertisement for people who could really buy somethingthey would not need to worry about another factor.