Teachers nowadays are more distanced to students they teach and think they can coop with them on a diplomatic and adult standard and try not to help each student individually. But is it really better to have the perfect knowledge of a subject than being able to relate to their students?
First of all, I would like to say that the teacher is there to teach his students, so that they do well in their exams and have a stable basis for their future life. Adittionally, teachers are not in school to joke around with them, since you are supposed to learn something, what will help you understand and coop with things in the future.
However, a teacher is more than just a teacher. It is a person you see five days a week for quite a long time. And that is why it is so important that teachers have a relation to their students. Every student is an individual and everyone has different learning standards and teachers should be possible to give them the help they need, which he is only able to, if he knows his students. Moreover, it will be mor fun for the students to learn new things, to do their prep and study for exams, since it is easier to understand new stuff your are tought, if the teacher shows that their are interessted in how the students are doing in their exams, they show kind of a caring position and a teacher obviously plays a big role in your life. 
I experienced this in my school life, a teacher schould not be just a teacher, they should be a friend, who you are able to talk on a diplomatic basis but also on a friend-ish basis. When I met these kind of teachers, I was really good at school and had a lot of fun to learn new things. Everyday I woke up, being glad about going to school and the teachers saw that I was having a lot of fun but also that I was interessted on new stuff. I also had teachers who did not even know my name and that showed off on results day. That is why I believe that teachers should be able to relate well with their students rather than having the perfect knowledge of a subject.