The statement, which we diskuss today is'' A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.''
I think it is difficult to choose one site, because it is not bad to have a good relationship to their students, but also it isn't good when you have no knowledge about the subject.
My first Argument is when a teacher is not really friendly to their students, for exsample give them bad marks whether he is good or not good, to have their favorite peoples and the other one have no chance to get a great mark or something other. So students become angry about the teacher and even they maybe  dont go anymore to his lessons, because they are scared or disappointed because they can do what they want and the teacher didn't like them. 
Next Argument is that a teacher, which has no interessting to teach people, often has a bad relationship to their students, because he gives them a lot of texts and homeworks and so students maybe begin to mobb his own teacher, to become another one. Often peoples are in the school to learn for their lives, but unmotivated teachers dont do their jobs right and students won't  follow  their lessons or learn anything. So they go to critizes the teacher by their parents or schoolleitung and so it gives many problems. And so they lose their motivation to go any longer in the school. They begin to schwänzen. 
Again the Arguments is that teacher, give students who they like , often a better mark , because they are the favorites. It isn't right, than students who really know things, become than a bad mark , because the teacher maybe not like him/ her.
The second argument against is, that teacher must be market people about his knowledge not about which one is her favorite and which one he didnt like. It is not fair about students, who have knowledge about the subject and would be fördert by their teacher , to become more knowledge. For exsample , today it is not unnormal when students become a better market , because the teacher like him or her, but  they havent' not enough knowledge about the subject , but they become the great mark and someone who is really bissy get a bad mark , because the teacher didn't like him or her. 
In my opinion it is not wrong to have an good relationship to their students, so anyone has more fun about the lessons or go to school , but it is already wrong to mark their students about which one is the friendliest. It is difficult, because you should have knowledge about the subject , it is important and you should learn and to anything for it, but it is already important that people sich wohlfühlen, then so they go to school with a better feeling and they would learn something and than they know that they dont be scared of the teacher , because she likes them and dont mean anything terrible. But on the other side, teacher, who are too nice their students and do what they want , are often inkompetent. For exsample in the 10th great we had a teacher , who do anything what we want and so we learnt nothing , we looked movies oder series and presentation we dont present , when we not want to do it . So it is not right . But all in all , it is a statement , who any persons have their own meaning and i think it is difficult to choose on side , because it is both right and both must be their to have an good klima. So i choose the middle of the statement , im not against the statement, but also not for the statement. You must find a compromise against the statement. If you will or not. To my mind is it important to have a good relationship to their students but they also must have knowledge , so they bring the lessons voran and than they would learn, but it is only one point of view about the statement !