When I am swipping through the channels on a rainy saturday evening an see very small kids playing with toys in the advertisement on some junior channels I demand myself if it is good to let young children aged two to five see this things. This leads me to the current topic of if television advertising for young children should be allowed at all. 
First of all I like to mention, that in my opinion children in the age from two to five should not even be allowed to watch TV at all. They have better things to do like playing with their friends or doing other kiddie stuff. When they watch TV they might learn about the serious of life way to early. 
Second I think that television advertising for those young kids is not a good idea, because they cannot decide what they need and what not. So there is a high risk, that they want to have a lot of material things, like the newest doll or car or whatever, but they do not have money to buy it. Probably they do not even know what money is and why they need it. Maybe they also get trouble with their parent, because it is hard for them to understand, why they do not get everything they wish for. With televison advertising gets the horizon of what to wish for bigger an bigger and the desire of beeing always up to date starts to early. 
I do not thik there are any proper points to mention for the opposite side, exept the point, that the idustries make much more money on this way, because most parents cannot say no to their children. Another difficulty is that even when the advertisings are not especially directed toward young children, they might see  it as well when they are allowed to watch TV. When the advertisement for children is forbidden it possibly goes out to the parent directly.

As a conclusure one can say that television advertising for kids from two to five should not be allowed. When the children start going to school they start comparing each other early enough and they do not need the material pressure from the televison. Sad but true I do not think there is any way to stop it.