Since the existing of television, video games, computer and phones, people have been discussing the amount and effects this kind of media has on especially young children. A lot of primarly older adults think children should not be allowed to watch television and it should be reduced to a minimum. To do that it is discussed to ban any advertising of tv shows and movies which is directed towards children. 

One of the most mentioned reasons to ban this kind of advertisment is that the adults believe that children spend too much time infront of the television. In their mind they believe that children only sit infront of the tv all day long, not being outside and playing, but in most cases that is not true andd the most important thing they forget is that the amount of tv that is watched should be, atleast from the ages from two and five be dictated by the parents, so their generation. So even then these children are seeing these advertisments parents are or should be in control of the tv time of their children. Also these advertisments, and in the end the movie oder televison show they are advertising towards the children, are stories just like in books, these children are going to identify themselves with the story or characters, a big part of growing up and learning certain things like empathy. One example could be that by watching, maybe disney movies like Lion King it is not only a movie that makes them laugh but teaches them that not all children still have both parents or subconsciously teaches them about growing up and the difficulties that part of life brings. And if you wouldtake away these advertisments and only direct them towards their partent, the children can not decided what they want to watch taking away the decission what they want to learn, because most advertisments show the gist of the lesson they trying to bring across. Also by doing that they would take away the lesson of deciding what the child believes interests them and measuring how well they would digest certain movies and themes. 

Certainly the way that movies and tv shows for children are advertised towards children should be controlled and it should be garanteed that it does not in anyway influence the children to do something dangerous or forbidden, for example an advertisment should say 'You should watch this movie no matter what your parents say'. It should just advertise the movie

All in all I would say that, because the biggest problem of advertising movies and tv shows towards children, is that society fears young children are not in control of the amount of tv they watch. I peronally believe that at that age parents and society should teach their children the amount they should watch and what they watch to certain degree. Also parents need to be able to know how well their children react to certain movies and the length of their tv watching, also how well their children can do it themself already.  