A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.


In this essay it is discussed whether excellent knowledge or the ability to relate with students is more crucial when teaching. This is a tremendously conversial topic that is difficult finding a solution right away. Therefore, this essay is going to show different arguments that agree or disagree with the title of this text.

First of all a teacher who has excellent knowledge of the subject which he or she is teaching, respectively, has the advantage to support a student who wants to know more about the topic that is discussed. In addition, a teacher who totally knows what he or she is talking about in class can better pass along his or her knowledge of that topic. That is because the teacher has studied his or her subject for years and knows it inside out. On the other hand a teacher who has the ability to cope with his or her students well is better at teaching them the subjet even if the topic taught might not be on the same knowledge level as a teacher with a higher degree. Nevertheless, students understand topics more easily if their teacher can pass them along in a way where the teacher is on the same level as the student. This does not mean that the teacher has the same knowledge level as the student, but the teacher can relate to the student in a way so that the topic taught seems to be easier and more understandable than it actually is. On the other hand a teacher with excellent knowledge might not be able to explain the topic in a way every single student understands it.

In summary, best would be a teacher who is knowledgeable about his or her subject but who can also relate well with the students in class. That is the way every student ought to be taught for best outcomes. In my opinion it is almost impossible to find the perfect teacher like it is impossible to find the perfect student, but if both sides give their best every one will profit.  