I wouldn´t really consider one of the two skills to be more important than the other. 
Of course, a teacher needs to get along well with his or her students. This is just logical, as the teacher is not only supossed to say and write a few things on the board, so that the students can copy it, but a good teacher should have a good connection to the students in order to be able to explain the things that the students are supposed to learn. If students don´t understand the teacher´s choice of words, they won´t understand what he is trying to tell them either.

But on the other side, the teacher has to have good knowledge of the subject he is teaching, in order to find the right words and to figure out a concept for the lesson, that is logical, interesting and fun for the students. If the teachers special knowledge is not good enough, he will not be able to explain things logically and easily, because you need to understand complex problems first if you want to explain them in your own words. 

Because of that,and also out of my own experiences I think, that a good teacher shouldn´t just get along well with his or her students or have excellent knowledge about his or her subject. A really good teacher should have a combination out of both: He should have a good connection to his or her students, and he should have good knowledge about his subject. If a teacher has both of these attributes, he should be able to make his lessons interesting and fun.
I think it´s clear that this point of view is quite general, and not really related to any special groups of age. In  primary school, which is normally not the time for very hard learning for final exams, the teacher is not only some clever person to the students, but a person they admire and look up to.
 For that reason, the human side is a bit more important for younger age groups than for students in secondary school. Especially in the final stages of school, when the students are preparing for the final exams, a teacher has to have excellent knowledge to be able to give them everything they need on their way into their later life.




































































































































































Moin!






















































Hallo!











































































































































































Viel Spaß!