I agree that a teacher's ability to relate with his/her students is more important than having excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
If a teacher wants his/her teachings to stick, they have to make it interesting for the students. The only way that teachers can do this, is if they intergrate themselves and become familiar with their students likes and dislikes. Often good teachers will do this by asking their classes for feedback. It gives them an advantage, that teachers who don't try and relate just don't have. If there's a teacher with a broad knowledge of their subject but they only count on that knowledge to help the students learn, chances are they won't have as much success. Students need to be able to relate to the subject and they need to be able to ask the teacher questions and get explanitory answers if something isn't clear. This is often a problem with teachers who don't relate to their students, when the students do ask a question often the teacher with an excellent knowledge will think to much about the answer or to far ahead. The response to the question would be and answer that someone else with a broad knowledge would understand, but that is to complex for someone who isn't as advanced in the subject.
If a teacher only has a mediocre knowledge of the subject, but is able to relate to the students, it will be sufficient to teach the student what they need to know, since they would know how to explain it, so that the students would understand.
Of course the teacher has to know his/her subject, and has to be able to explain things, but knowing too much about the field they work in will make the simple things, that are maybe still hard for students to comprehend, seem even more redundant since a subject tends to get more complicated as time wears on.
In conclusion teachers should obviously have knowledge about their subject. But being aware of how their students learn and how fast they learn is a crucial element to teaching, one that is far more beneficial than only having knowledge of a certain subject.