Television advertising directed toward young children shouldn't be allowed, because they're easily to be influenced, brutal images and gender stereotyping.
Especially at a young age children are extremely easily to be influenced by any possible thing. As an example, they look up to people, they want to be like them. They see things, they are fascinated about them and soon they'll want them. Anything could be presented on TV with some glitter, pretty colors and some catchy music, and the younger children would get hyped about it. And many of them are likely to use the strategy "I'll just scream until my parents get me this". This means that one of the main reasons why it shouldn't be allowed is that younf children are very easily influenced.
Another argument against television advertising towards children is that there aren't only advertisements for good and bright things on TV, there are also the bad and dark sides. For example, there are already pretty scary toys for young children, robots, dangerous animals, aliens. On TV they're presented fighting against each other, going to wars and killing each other. It might seem catchy on a short advertisement, many young boys or also girls get too hyped about it. Fight and competition shouldn't be brought to children in this way, brutal images don't have a positive effect on them growing up. 
Also a very important point, why television advertsising towards younger children shouldn't be allowed is because of the usual stereotypes. We see young girls playing with blonde dolls and pink castles, boys building roboters made out of lego or playing soccer. We never see a boy carefully brushing his barbie's hair, or a girl kicking the ball while playing outside. But this is a highly important point for young children, to be and become who they really are and not who they're thaught to be. 
In conclusion, television advertising directed toward young children shouldn't be allowed, because they're very easily to be influenced, brutal images and gender stereotypes. 

