Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. This is a very controversial topic and there are some arguments, which support this statement and also some which attack it.

 First of all in my opinion television is a bad thing for young children. If they start early with watching TV they will also start early with playing computer games or playing on smartphones and also if they can't than they'll wanna do that. Against that you could say that in our generaton it's very important to come very early in contact with this things, because they are used way more often than in other generations before, but I would say it's not worth to spend your youth on this things and not on going outside. Another argument against the television advertising directed toward young children is that the parents of the children will advertise their children less, if the television does that. Also the television doesn't advertise the children in individual ways, so the indivuduality of the children will get a crushing blow, which could be a problem, because for everyone is a specific advertising the bestand also it will be hard for this children to find themselves later on. Also the children could misunderstand the advertising of the television and become later on very bad people, because of this. But an argument against that is that, if the children have parents which are bad people, the television will probably advertise the children better than their parents would.

All in all I would say the advertising of  young children should just be allowed in the case of bad parents or in the case that the parents are just so rare at home that they couldn't advertise their children enough. But in general in my opinion it's a bad thing, because the children will lose their first years on the TV and not on the world outside and will get less information about their surroundings and will also make not so many friends. In addition to that they will become not so open minded, if they just sit always at home. A good human can advertise a child way more better than a machine could ever do.