The question to be answered is how important it is for a teacher to get along well wth their students or whether it's more important for the teacher to have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 

I agree with the statement that it's more important for a teacher and their students to get along well. 

Of course it's not unimportant that the teacher has a good knowledge of the subject they have to teach their students. They need to be able to explain it well and answer questions. 

But no matter how excellent their knowledge is, when a teacher can't relate to their students and their students may even be a little bit scared of them, even though it may only be because they have so much respect for the teacher, it can lead into a completly wrong direction. 
It's so much easier for a student to uderstand a certain subject when they feel comfortable in class, when they can ask questions about the subject no matter how stupid the question may be. But as soon as the student doesn't get along with their teacher those things get even harder for them and understanding a subject can become quite difficult.

Another scenario which often accures is that a teacher with too excellent knowledge can get too harsh when a student isn't understanding a subject right away and maybe even feel personaly offended. A bad relationship between a teacher and their students might lead to an even more stressed student and this won't help them understanding a certain subject better. It just makes them feel worse and it makes it harder for them to get back on track in school.
 That doesn't happen when teacher and students get along well, because the teacher can understand a students problems better and tries different ways to explain a subject or help with whatever it is the students need help with. 

It is clear that no one can become a teacher without being qualified of their knowledge but it is too often the case that a person becomes a teacher although they are not able to get along with students because that might lean to even worse problems. That is why I think it is more important for a teacher to get along well with their students than it is for the teacher to have excellent knowledge of their subject.