In the following essay I will dicuss the controversial question if television advertising directed toward young children shoud be allowed or not.
In the last centuries media usage like television has risen especially in the younger generation. A part of television is advertising and many people have the opinion that young children should not be allowed to see adverts directed toward them. 

I only agree partly on this opinion due to several reasons.
The most important argument to note first why advertisment toward children should be forbidden is because the younger a person is the more likely it is able to be influenced. An average adult who sees an advert is able to seperate things they want from things they actually need and understands that advertisment uses certain marketing methods to make the product look better. With this knowledge that they developed over the years they think about if they actually should buy the product when they see it in an advert. Most children usually do not have these abilities yet so when they see a product in a television advert that they like they do not think about important aspects such as the prize or the quality of it. If they want to have it then they will only think about that.
Another aspect is that it is morally not right to take advantage of a young mind to get their money. Compared to an adult a child does not have much money, at the age between two to five usually none, but if they do it is not okay to make a child spend this small amount of money especially because they cannot understand the concept of earning money and spending it yet.

On the opposite there are a lot of arguments against this statement as well.
Firstly we, as citizens of western countries, have rights in our laws that allow us to say whatever we want in public and on the media such as newspapers but also on television as long as it does not go against the law. In my opinion if one forbids certain television adverts it is a cut in free press speech which is not right.
Also important to note is that a child should stand under the surveillance of its parents. It is their job to watch out which channels the child sees on television. On German television their is a kids channel called "KIKA" where there are not any adverts. If parents do not want their child to see advertisments they should let their child only watch channels like this or turn the television off in the advert breaks. Even if it is influencing children it is still every parents own choice on how they raise their kids and as long as they explain to their children the concept behind television marketing and do not buy them everything they see it is okay if they let their kids see advertisments.

Because of these last reasons I think that television advertising toward young children should be allowed to a certain level. Influencing children is not right but more important is the issue of freedom and everyone should be allowed to raise their children the way they want. Therefore I believe that there will not be any problems if television advertising stays the way it is now.