Education is one of the most important matter in the history of human kind. With good education you can achieve a lot in your life. So it is necessary to have good teachers, who educate children well. The relationship between teachers is very important, then when you enjoy the lesson, you learn much more as when you hate it. On the other hand a nice teacher is not much if he or she doesn't know a lot about the subject being taught. So in the following essay we are going to discuss if an excellent knowledge or a teacher's ability to relate well to students is more ipmortant.

Not a lot of kids like to go to school, they are bored and just wan't to go home. So how can this mood be changed? When a student has symphaty with the teacher they are automaticly more interessted in the subject. They wan't to please the teacher and not disapoint him or her. Therefore the learing effect is much bigger than when they are unmotivated. 
Also when a kid hates a teacher and can't stand him or her, the student is automaticly unmotivated. They think oh I hate him so much I'm not going to listen to what he is telling. Which effects that they get bad grades and in the worst case even have to leave the school or repeat it. So it is very important to have a good connection between the teachers and the students.

I don't fully agree with the whole statement which was made. Personally I like a teacher much more when I know that he has a excellent knowledge about the subject. It makes me respect the teacher much more and makes me interessted in learing from the teacher. So I do think that a good knowledge is very . important. On the other hand the relation between teacher and student is also very important. If the vibe is good between the two the student learns more and the teacher enjoys it much more to teach the students. So if the relation is bad then the students are demotivated to learn from this this teacher. So in my opinion there is no important matter between these two. I think that both the teacher's ability and an excellent knowledge is equaly important.