The other day in chemistry class a friend of mine had a question. He wanted to know, why the famous glucose, C6H1206, forms a ring and not a straight chain. It seemed a very reasonable question, since most carbohydrates form straight lines and  not rigns. Now the teacher heard him and answered. But the answer he gave was highly scientifical, we didn't understand a word of what he said. Of course it seemed legit; our teacher, who has a doctorate in chemistry, definitely knows what he's talking abuot. But we couldn't really relate to what he had said, neither could he relate to what my friend had asked. Later that day I discussed the happened with my parents at home. I aksed them, what they make of the situation. They answered with a simple question: Is it more important to have a teacher who can relate to his students or who has excellent knowledge of the subject he's teaching? The question got me thinking and in the following I'd like to mention the outcome.

The upside of having a teacher who can relate is the fact, that he'll most likely understand what you ask, he'll understand, if a student feels devestated because he's facing a great wall, a subject, he can't handle, the teacher will be able to relate and could therefore at least make an effort in trying to help the student.

On top of that, people who can relate with what you do or think, are more likely to lie within your field of interest. You might like them and appreciate their presence, even if it doesn't always come with correct input or scientifical correctness. That would then result in a better enviornment for students to learn. Our biologyteacher for instance is very much appreciated throughout the whole class. And our classaverage in biology is actually really high, since we are more likely to participate, if we like a teacher.


But the downside of a teacher who can relate but doesn't have excellent knowledge of the subject is the lack of explanitory possibility. A teacher who doesn't have the knowledge to answer a question is therefore not that good for your education. So after all we were pretty happy with the answer our chemistry teacher had given to my friend - after discussing the answer over and over again we got the hang of it and we were releaved, we actually know now!

And the fact that we know now is important because we are in school to learn stuff, not simply to sit on our chair the whole day without picking anything up. In our society it is extremely important to have a good education. One can see so on the jobmarket of today, the more languages you know for instance, the more likely it is, you find a job.


So all in all I think it is important, maybe even more important to have qualified tachers when it comes to the subject taught. Because even if the teacher can't fully relate with a student, which by the way doesn't mean he can not relate at all, the teacher can educate you and give you knowledge you hadn't had before. And as we know, "Knowledge is power".