All around the world there are teachers, in some countries more, in other countries less. Being a teacher is a hard job, you shouldn't only know how to teach students a subject, really important is also to handle with them in every situation. A teacher should be able to be there all the time for a student, a deep relation , with its limits of course, should be present between the teacher and the student. The teacher should have a knowledge of social-communication. At least a background in the social, psychological direction. How is it possible to call a teacher good, if for example she even doesn't know how to react when she sees students bullying one student? or in similar situations. The teacher should have the ability to teach his subject correctly and interesting and emphatize and giving every single student a good mood to learn his subject. But also giving every single student trust, so when somebody has a problem, he can go whenever he wants to, to his teacher. To be honest I'm absolutely fine with this statement. A teacher is more important in the social surrounding. If somebody becomes a teacher, that means this person should know at least a bit of the schoolsubject, but if he really knows how to behave in a social problem? In a dramatic case?  I had the experience, where once I had a problem in the class, where I really felt bad, there weren't teacher who knew how to help me. It was a shocking fact, for me, my family and friends. How can teachers become teachers, without knowing how to help the students? Of course there are a lot of teachers who don't know how to teach in an interesting passionating way their subject, and then it gets boring, but maybe they know how to support you and how to motivate you, and that's the exactly the main point. I don't know in how many countries it's like this, but in some countries to become a teacher you don't only have to have the knowledge of the subject you want to teach but you also must had a class of sciences of education. If you don't anything about education, then well I'm sorry, don't become a teacher. The interesting thing is the more you become older, the more the teachers are distanced. That was my feeling, during my schoolyears, but of course there are always single exceptions. A big aspect is, if the majority of people who love teaching, do their job really with love, or only to get a big salary. I honestly can immediately see if a teacher teaches with lust and love, or not. Everyone has a different behaviour yes, but to become a teacher I think you should really be patient, be social ,neutral, be happy with what you teach and another few things. It's incredible how many times I heard the last few months everyone saying I want to become an elementary teachers ect. But do they really know what a big job it is? Full of responsability and knowledge how to intervent and educate? Well I think, all over the world there should be more strict to let become people teachers. There are so many bad teachers, really really unprofessional bad teachers, so that would be an option. A teacher shouldn't give too much confidence to a student of course, but a special relation, a kind of security from teacher to student should be here. The teacher should be avaiable for his students and make everyone strong, self-confident and interested to the subject ;-) The end, my summary, my opinion