The subject of this essay ist the question: Is a teacher's ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?  This question is not easy to answer because it needs a mixture of both factors to be a good teacher.
Arguments, which speaks for the relation to the students are for example that the teacher needs to know every student in his class. It is important to know the weakness or the strength of the students. It helps more to help someone if you know him,be casue you can analize his problem and maybe understand why the students needs your help.
Another positive argument is, the student will feel better if the teacher knows him well. That means there will be a connection between teacher and students. THe student will feel better and maybe trusts the teacher. It is the same as telling something to a stranger and telling somithing to someone you know, for example a friend. It easier to talk to someone you know and can trust. 
The last argument to this factor is, that it will help the whole class. The mood in the class room will be good, the student is motivated to do hiswork and will put effort in studying new things.
The other factor is the knowledge of the subject, which is as important as the relation to the students is. A good argument is for example, if the realtion between teacher and student is very well, but the teacher has no knowledge about the subject, it wont help the student to learn anything. It is possible, that the connection between student and teacher could fail because of bad grades andthe teachers missing knowledge about the subject.
It is also important for the teacher to have the knowledge to act "professional". That means the students will respect someone as a teacher if he act like this, if he can show the knowledge to his students.
All this factors are important to me, because of that, how I mentioned in the beginning of this essay, it is important to have both knowledge and relation. I think it do not work if you just have one of them. A teacher has to be strict and friendly, he has to be like your friend and your mentor, who teaches you new things.   