Well in my opinion Television advertising dierected toward young children should be be prohibited, because they are not mature enough to know what they see and they can't really understand it.

Also if they already get inducted witch advertisment at such a young age they're going to be alot easier to manipulate through the media because they are so used to advertisment and media presence. It's especially dangerous since the advertisment was created to especially influence those young children. On the other side you could say that because they are so young they won't understand it and so it won't become a problem later and the only thing that would happen is that those children would ask their parents more frequently for a gift and so some may also argue that this could only boost the economy. Also advertisment is something so common today that it would be really hard to draw a line where it is advertisment especialy designed for young children and when it is ust advertisment for children. Alot of people probably also don't care because I mean how could advertisment be harmful in any way? In my opinion that's exactly the point why it's important to prohibit this kind of specialized advertisment. Even though it isn't harmful, it's not good to exploit your young child to so much media. Children need to be able to grow up without already being influenced in such a young age by advertisment or the media in general. 

So there for I think it would be a good idea to ban advertisment designed for children of such a young age and maybe even ban advertisment that is specaly designed for specific groups in general. We as a society should try to raise our children as independent as possible so they have abilites like critical thinking when they become adult's and that's why we can't let them get exploit to advertisment in such a young age because if they ust watch tv all the time they won't think themself and they also won't question anything,. They will become mere puppets of the media and we have to prevent that at all cost.