I'm going to school since almost 12 years kindergarden included, I've had many different teachers and many of them weren't as good as I wished they were. So let's start answering the question from above.. 
Worldwide people have many different abilities and every person on this planet is different so also the view on the teacher is different.The teacher has to know what he's talking about, if not the teaches the next generation the wrong things, that is a huge problem. The students that have had clases in this teachers class will have problems in the following schools or even worse at the matura. On the other hand it's totally fine if a teacher has to look up something because we're only humans and not wikipedia.
But if a teacher just stands infront of the clase and teaches them all they need to know but does not socialize with them, he won't be liked. That's a human process people who are open and talk about themselfs seems more sympatic. Against this also the other extreme a teacher who only talks about his life isn't liked by the students, because they want to learn something. It's very important that students get a base of knowledge in all subjects for their following schools and studies. 
So if you want to be a good teacher then you have to be friendly and not just stick to your school material but also have to teach something, it's not easy to find the balance but if you do, you can be sure the students will like you. I personally find it a very difficult question I have one theacher and I really like her as a person but I hate her lessons because they're really bad organzied and boring. I would love to learn more in that subject so in that case I would disagree with this statement.I think that comes from havng the feeling that she doesn't know anything about the subject she's teaching us.
 But I think anyway that everyone likes a different way of being taught new things and learning is a very individual process and it's comparable to tastes. So being a good teacher can be very difficult because children have other views on a person but look at all of us we all do. 