I think I disagree with this statement because first off, the advertisting can't have a big impact on the children since they are far more interested in the show they are watching anyway. Even though young children are more easily influenced, the only thing they can do afterwards is annoy their parents with what they want. Maybe the early TV advertising even is a good thing, as it teaches them that they can't always get everthing and they get used to adverts at a young age. This is especially important nowadays, when the whole world is full of adverts and things you could possibly need as well. You can't protect your child from every sort of adverts,because if it is banned from TV, there will always be other forms of manipulation in everyday life. Also, children can't go and buy stuff on their own. They first have to convince their parents that they really need and want it that they can get it. This assures that the parents approve of it and that the adverted product can't harm their child. 
I think especially as a new parent you have to learn how to deal with a child's wishes. So television advertising might even be good in some kind of way. It helps to teach children how to deal with overwhelming impressions of things that are made more important than they actually are, and they teach parents how to  talk their children out of something they don't even need. 
But, as to everything, there sure are bad sides to this. Especially children with rich parents could get anything advertised in TV, which would lead to many spoiled kids. Later in their lifes they could have a problem balancing their finances. The discussions about whether the kid should get the advertised thing or not could escalate into arguments between parents or parents and kids quickly. In extreme cases, this could lead to an unhealthy family relationship. But in my opinion, those kind of things are only exeptional.
So overall I think television advertising doesn't harm children and hasn't got a strong influence on their lives. And because of that, I disagree with the statement above.
