I think everyone of us knows this funny, creative and inspiring advertising videos in the television. Usually ,we have a advertissment in mind, while thinking of a particular product. We get to know new stuff through television and it feels like, advertising is a powerful weapon. When I was a kid, I saw all these beautiful must-haves and I was thinking, why can't I have to have this. And that is how probably every kid thinks. But what influence does it have through the day, does it change our way of living in a positive or negative direction, or do we do not change at all? Is it bad, letting kids seeing such things, or is it okay? 

A positiv aspect is that kids get to learn to handle things they could have,but should not have. That is education, because when they see so  many things, they have to realise and to learn that they have enough and that they do not need more.  You can not hide everything from your kids. In specific space, they have the oportunity to grow. A disatvantage is that, if they do not have any parents looking after them, who actively decide what their daughter or son is allowed to do or have, it would be highly possible, that they get badly influenced by what they see. Especially their social activities would get disturbed.

All in all I believe kids being so young should not sit in front of the screen. They should first learn to enjoy what they have around them and not focuse on non-realistic, virtuell entertainment. In my opinion, if there is a kid, watching television with this age, no one has to pay attention or has to change anything, because in the end, you do not know which series this child is skipping through, so you will never have a hundert per-cent control over the different kids ad the lessons and experiences they learn and make through the television. As you may already heard of, the television companies earn their money through advertisment. If it would be forbidden to show such short videos, television would not exist anymore or we would have to pay a lot of money. Summing up, there is totally no reason to do anything differently, this should not be the thing, we should fix our eyes on.