In a time where different types of media are dominating our thinking and the way we view things, it is only logical to think about expanding the influence of media on us. It is said, that when something is done earlier, it will be better for you in the future. Showing little kids television advertising and making them familiar with it, is an advance for them. They learn early to cope with ads in the television and to form their point of view of a product, that is being advertised. They learn to see what tricks advertising uses, to draw the attention on a particular product. Later in life, they can use this knowledge and can detect better, if they are in need of that product or not. It also helps them, not spending much money on things, so they learn the way how to treat money.

Television advertising for children is okay, as long as the product that is being advertised is not something bad and contraproductive for the growth and development of little kids. If the product for example is a tablet app for painting on the tablet, or a game that you can play on the computer, it stops the kids of going outside and experiencing new things, of learning about the world they live in. Another argument against television ads for young children would be that companies should not try to get the attention of little children and thus taking alot of money from the parents, especially when it is a poor family. Children tend to get enthusiastic about something pretty quickly, so a better option than for example an electronic device, would be a walk outside or something different, that helps in the developping of the childs brain. If the television is full of advertising products for children, they are sitting a lot more in front of it, than in the situation, when ads would not be there. 

I agree with the statement, as long as advertising directed to children is getting out of hand. If a food item is being advertised or a normal toy like a stuffed animal, it is acceptable, but when products are being advertised that are clearly not helping a child, then I think these ads must not be allowed. 