Televisions give us, the society, pictures, stories and show us ways of communication. Televisions kill the time in a fascinating way.Many people watch television to come down, to relax, to stop thinking. But what kind of influence brings the television along? Is this influence a good one or a bad? In what way does it change us? An influence brings always along, that it can manipulate and change you.Meanwhile, televisions always work, you can always watch it. Children are easy to manipulate, they take everything that you show them with pleasure in their heads.Influencing, manipulating humans is easy when they are young.So we have to discuss, if the influence is good or bad, and it also depends on what you are watching.

The positive side of televisions, for me, are that you can come down, you forget the world and youre life for a moment, you only have to watch and nothing else. If you have time, and you don't know what you should do, it is a way of killing time.You also can inform yourself about what is going on in the world, you have the possibility to watch classic movies, to see how human relationships can be, to have a view on other cultures and see their problems. This is a an immense advantage, which the people before us didn't have. Television can connect us with other people and countries.

The negative side of televions are that you become an influence which you often can't realy controll, because televisions in my eyes, influence you in a very passive way,  where a lot of people have difficulties to controll it,because they show you images which you can't 'delete' so easily. Most people watch series or other things , which are very stupid and gives us a image of the world which, if we live that life that they show us, is to easy and would make the world in a sad an stupid place. Televisions can bring us information, but you also could read a book , where you don't are so passive.   

Finally, for me, televisions are in generel bad for the human beeing, this brings me to the conclusion that in an age between two and five televisions shouldn't be part of life for children. They can do so many others things where they have to think and be creative, communicate themself and not the televisions, use time in beeing outside in nature and not in front of the television. 