RedBull had to pay nearly two million dollars because of their advertising. A women in the USA went to the court because the advertising couldn't give her what they promised - wings. So she tried to fly, fell, got hurt and got 2 million dollars. It was clear that just by drinking RedBull you couldn't fly. But by seeing the advertise it caused people to imitate what they saw in TV. So I'm asking myself, should television advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five) not be allowed? 
As read in the introduction part imitation seems to be a huge problem. Children who see boys and girls running through the streets, which are full of cars and traffic, just to get their favorite drink looks like a fun thing to do in television but in reality they would've got hurt. Since children can't think as far as adults it is hard to protect them from such dangerous actions and as shown in the example above there are also adults who don't seem understand that advertising and reality are two different things. 
On the other hand kids could get manipulated through television advertising. There could be shown racist aspects or violence maybe inequality they don't quite understand yet. So as they're in the process of growing up television could influence them in both ways the good and the bad. Television advertising also is a method to show them that school is important and teach them important moral values that are necessary in our community. 
As I already wrote chlidren in the age from two to five are growing up, they explore the world and are very interested in learning new things. Through television and their advertising it is possible for them to see things, they otherwise couldn't. It can as well help their creativity and fantasy to exposure, cause where else would they ever have had the possiblity to see dinosaurs which - let's be realistic - are very cool.
Finally I can say there are a lot cons about this topic but I don't think the problem is television advertising as a whole it's more the kind of advertising shown to the little ones. In my opinion we have to set up some rules about what can and can't be shown in these advertises, so it could just have a positive influence and they could also enjoy some television.