Television advertising toward young children should not be allowed in my opinion. 
This advertising attracts the very young children to watch television, because they are interested in the channels they are showing on television. The children spend more time in front of the tv and we don't know if it is good for the development of the child, when they start watching tv at that young age. 
Another argument against television advertising directing toward young children, is that we need to know for what reason they do that. What is it exactly, they show them on television? When there are specific programs helping the children to develop some abilities from which they could profit later, then maybe they could be allowed. Then they are also helpful for families and the child himself. But what do they learn on television, they can't learn in school, or everyday life with friends, family members, teachers or srangers?
I can't imagine something, that could be shown to children aged two to five, that can really improve their development. 
It is also possible, that they show the children specific programs which work like indoctrination of certain ideas, philosophies or opinions. Children can be manipulated so easily and they are perfect victims for manipulation, because they don't realize it.  
It is dangerous to show them pictures that have an influence on them. For example, when adults wait in front of a pedestrian crossing until every car has stopped and young children see what they do, it is more likely that they copy the observed behavior of the adults, than doing exactly the opposite. If we take this example to explain what could happen on television, it is clear that the programs will have a huge influence. It is either good or bad, but the opportunity the tv channel producers have to influence and manipulate already the children, is scary and dangerous. As a parent you have to be very attentive when you chose a tv program. 
So, it depends on what is shown on tv toward the children. If it is helpful for their development or their way of learning it could maybe be allowed or its using at least be discussed. But for me the argument against it are more important. Being manipulated is something very dangerous. 