A teacher's work is to teach his knowledge and educate his students. Each teacher has different ways of teaching. There are teachers, who just give the theory and exercises and other who try to explain the subject using examples and discussing it with the class. Which is the best way always depends on the students.
A teacher works with teenagers so he has to be able to adapt at their niveau and rythm. He sees his students at least one time every week. So he has to be able to know them well after a long time. What is also important is how he starts and how he wants to teach them. The first impressions are important even for students. There are those types of teachers who are very serious at the begining to show you that you have to respect them and to win your attention. There are others who just talk and talk til the students are tired and don't even care about what the teachers are saying anymore. And others who explain their rules and you know the consequences if you don't follow them.
I think it makes a lot of difference. The same class acts differently to every teacher. The way the students act depends on the teacher. It's like a teamwork, the teacher explains and the students listen, that would be basic. But it doesn't always work like that. 
For example for type one: the students will listen to the teacher and even do what he says. The teacher's way of winning your attention will help the students to understand what he is trying to teach, so th result will be positiv. For that is important that the teacher knows what to do to win the attention he is looking for. Type two: The students will be bored and won't listen. They will talk to each other and idnoring the teacher. The result is the teacher getting angry because he didn't have the attention he was looking for.
Again it depends on how the teacher interacts with the students. Having a better relation to the students can help every teacher. So it's easier for the teacher to teach and for the students to learn. They will even like the subject and class just because of the teacher and his ways to teach. 
