Everybody has a teacher which he does not like because this person does not fit to him. You are trying all things out to be as good as all the others are in the class, but it will not be happening. So I also agree with the subject, that a teacher's ablility to relate well with students is more important the knowledge. But why is that so and why can we not surpass our problems with the teacher. 

The first thing which I think could be a problem is, that just from nature this person does not fit to yourself and that it is a problem of entrance of the teacher which makes you inefficient. But also the problem can occure in a periode of time when the teacher makes you angry or insults you. Than you does not like him and so you does not have any reason to be gentle with him. The result is, that you could not be concentrated in his lesson and do not have any motivation to do so. But I have to do that an excellent knowledge of the subject is also important because you can not learn something really good when he does not have any idea of his subject. But I also have to admit, that only teachers with a good relationship to their students have the wright idea of how a student make profit out of their teacher's knowledge. I have, and I think all of you also have made the experience in the primary school where the teacher was very gentle with you and gaves you many sweets when you were very motivated and concentrated in school. The result was, that we all learned things very fast and that nowadays in the university, it is not only difficult because of the subjects, it is also difficult because of the relationship to the teacher. So it makes a very great different if the teacher relates to the students or if he only have the best knowledge. Another point is, that older students want to make more in their freetime and when it comes to more homework they do not have the motivation to make them. It is also matter of age.

So in my opinion, the teacher's relationship is more important because when we like him, than we like also the subject and can learn faster and better. When also a subject is difficult, a good teacher which you like could easily teach you things because you are motivated and concentrated. Age is also important, because when we were younger, we learned more easier.