For the companies who advertise, it is beneficial to advertise toward young children because they are more likely to believe to advertisements. They will ask their parents if they could get what the advertisement says. Young children are easy to manipulize with the advertisement and the companies would make a lot of money. 
There are some good commericials out there. Commericials about toys for example does not lead to bad habits or something, it just makes young children wish that toy. Or sometimes the advertisement is also good for the children, for example when it leads them to do sports. It could be a commercial about sport shoes and it shows how fun it is to run around outside with this shoes. There are many good products for children out there, that are actualy good for them. 

In the other hand, commercials about fast food, for example the Happy Meal from McDonalds, leads children to eat junk food, which is very bad for them. They will think that it tastes good and they also like the toy they get with the meal and they would want to go back. It could start to become a habit eating junk food and it is very bad for their health. It causes diabetes, overweight and a lot more problems. Children in the age of two to five also are to young to realize the compony manipulate them. They do not know better yet. When they are getting older, they will know that advertisement does not always tell the trough about their product and the will be more careful. When they are so young, they are helpless and depend on their parents. 
Sometimes the parents can not afford the childs wishes and the children will be sad when they see the happy children in the advertisement with the product they would like to have and the child can not get it.

In my opinion, television advertising should only be allowed, when it leads the children to do something good for them, like running around outside. Fast und junk food commercials towards young children should not be allowed. I also believe that they should set the age higher then five years old. They shoud set it to 9 years old, because until then, they will still believe whatever the TV says.