"A teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught"

Of course teachers should should be able to get along with his students. I think that if this would be even better the students would go to school more excited and happy. In my opinion a school lesson is more fun with a teacher who can relate well with it`s students than a teacher who`s just shouting and angry but knows a lot. 

The social being would be as well better. You would get closer to somebody who`s older than you. Older people can always tell you things about life or teach you something that a person who`s got the bachelor in maths isn`t able to. the maths teacher can explain the the phrase of Pythagoras, but have you ever been in a situation where you didn`t know what to do and only Pythagoras could help you? I doubt it.

On the other side you wouldn`t learn that mutch what you should know. School is here to expand your knowledge and if there`s a person in front of you who doesn`t know anything, you loose confidence. Maybe you have to know things for the university and it is really hard to teach everything to yourself only because your teacher isn`t able to.

Second point against it is that the students and the teacher would more be like friends and maybe the students lose respect. I think in some situations of life it should get hard it can`t always everything be easy and friendly. If the students would get out of school they wouldn`t be ready fo life. The school with the teacher who can relate well with his students would be more like a kindergarten and this isn`t the idea of it.

Third point is that everyone could become a teacher. You wouldn`t have to study anymore to get a good job. I think you should work hard for everything you get in life, nothing should be a present.

Because of all the causes I explained in this essay I think that this statement is an absolutely bad Idea. The society wouldn`t be as intelligent as it is now. Of course we need people who teach us about life but not every person should be like this.