For me as a student, it is very important to have a good relation to the teacher. If the atmosphere in the classroom fits, I am more motivated to come to classes and to do homework. But even though you have a good relationship to the teacher doesn't mean you have good grades. In school, the main goal is to learn new things about different topics, to see our world trough other, maybe scientific eyes. This is only possible if the teacher himself has a good knowledge about the subject. The problem is, that some teachers have an excellent knowledge but aren't able to teach it. Sometimes it's important to break complicated things down to easy facts, so that the students are able to understand what it's meant to be and why it is important. Furthermore, students do not listen to classes which are boring, which often exists if the relationship to the teacher isn't very well. However, for me the good relationship is the main ingredient for a good teaching. In science, the excellent knowledge is very worthful and important because it can cause a fast progress. In school it's different. Students are individuals and have their own interests and preferences. There, it is important to find out what they want to do in their future. To reach this, a good relation to every single teacher would be needed to not manipulate students future decisions. So for me the best thing that could happen would be, that every teacher saw his or her job as a "bringing subjects to the students by making the classes interesting". A teacher is not just somebody who has to stand there and talk about something for hours. A teacher is there to explain, to illustrate, to repeat if it's needed, to answer questions, to just bring live into the grey classrooms. The way how a teacher speaks and what he says, possibly including some jokes, is very important. And these things all base on a good relationship between teacher and class. Students should dare to ask questions if something is unclear, they should be able to discuss their own opinions and listen to others to learn something. A teacher's ability to relate well with students is a gift and the most important point for this job. Finally I have to say, that yes, I agree to the sentence above. But after all this doesn't mean that excellent knowledge of the subject isn't important as well. Both things together would be absolutely perfect to create a dream-teacher.