I think it's a very interesting question, because it isn't often discussed by politicians and the media, so you can't just copy opinions and answers from other people. So when I read the question, I was quite surprised that I never thought about it yet. And my first thought was: "well advertising direct towards young children is quite absurd". But than there came more and more different arguments about this topic and I'm still quite ensure what to think about it. 

So I try to start with the opinions against direct television advertising towards young children. You could argue that it's really bad to use young children only to make profit and it shouldn't affect these childrens in every form. So if the advertisment is a bad influence for the kids it should be forbidden. But in which cases it's bad and which it's not? I think it's extremly hard to answer this question. You'll never find an answer which is 100% correct. You could also say against this phenomen that you shouldn't make direct advertising to groups who can't afford this products by themselves. So you shouldn't put the parents under pressure to buy something, only because you manipulated their kids.

On the other side I think all parents who let their kids watching TV know about the "risks" and should always controll what their kids are watching. So they are always able to stop them watching these advertisments. And you can also say, that we life in a capitalistic society. If they watch a special TV show they know that this show has to earn money. And advertisments means a lot money for these companies. So these companies have to show direct advertisments to their main consumers. 

In the end I think it's a difficult question and I am still not sure what to think about it. I believe that the advertisments for small children are necessary because it's the main source of money. But I think also that there have to buy very strict laws which say how far these advertisments are allowed to go. It shouldn't be allowed to make advertisments for guns or things like that. 