Imagine a teacher that knows absolutly nothing about the subject that he teaches his students. He just stands infront of the class, talking about facts that he isn`t sure are even true, making examples that proof the opposite of the point he`s trying to make and when asked in detail about something, his answer is usually: "Go look it up on the internet." But hey, atleast he can relate well with his students, so it`s okay, right? Wrong. A person that doesen`t know what he`s teaching isn`t a good teacher, no matter how well he relates to his students.
Students are in school to get things taught, not to make a teacher as a friend. This knowledge, in any subject, will later become the basis for things that are taught at a university and even later at a job. Students, while not always happy and wishing for a guy that can relate to them as a teacher, need this knowledge in order to have success in their lifes, so it`s important that they get taught by someone who understands what he teaches. Also, a teacher shouldn`t be a "best-buddy" type of guy. He is not a student`s good friend, he is a teacher. And while there`s nothing wrong with liking your teacher, he shouldn`t be the guy that you go out to have a drink with on weekends. He is the teacher. A person that the student should respect, not see as an equal. A person that helps the student with knowledge, not the choice of drink. A person that is an authority, that knows that he`s in this role. And a person that knows how important it is that his students gain knowledge from his classes. A student not seeing his teacher as such a person walks into danger of not learning anything in class, because he might think that it`s all gonna be okay, the teacher`s his friend after all. Or even worse, the student learns wrong things from his teacher, and will make these mistakes later on his life. If he for example gets taught wrong things about grammar in any language, he will repetedly make them, with no one calling him out on his mistakes. And that will come back to him when he, for example, is looking for a job in Great Britain. He writes to the place where he wants to work, a text full of grammar mistakes, and no employer will accept him. And while a teacher that relates well with his students isn`t a bad thing, it certainly doesen`t excuse him not teaching them properly.
A teacher is here to teach, not to be company for students on a friday evening. He`s there to prepare the student, not to be his friend. In my opinion, being able to relate to students doesen`t make a good teacher. Knowledge of his subject does. It`s can be a good thing, but knowing what he teaches has priority.