A teacher has to be smart, sympathetic, open-minded and get along with his students. But which ability is the most important one? Is it more important that a teacher gets along well with his students or should he better have a good knowledge of the subject he is teaching? In the following essay you will hear about the pro- and contra arguments and hopefully find out for yourself what the most important one is.
First you can say that a teacher should really know what he is talking about. He has to teach the student the best way he can. He should know almost every detail of his topic but also has to know which of these are important for students to know. A good knowledge is the basic for every teacher. But there are different types of teachers. You can be a professor at a university and have to know every tiny little detail of one topic or a primary school teacher who just has to know the small basics of many themes. But every of these teachers, if they are a highschool or a college teacher, has to know what they are teaching and talking about.
On the other hand you can say that the most important ability of a teacher is to get along well with his students. The teacher has to know how children, teenager or even students at a university function,feel and think. Because otherwise he can not help them. And if a teacher can not help his students, his knowledge is literarly for nothing. A student at a highschool for exemple has to have full confidence in the teacher. He should know that he can talk with the teacher about almost every problem he has. So if a teacher is just "cold" and does not care about his students, they will not be feeling fine and the teacher's basic knowledge is for nothing.
To conclude this text you can say that booth of these abilities are important. But for me it is more important to have good human being as a teacher who helps you, than a "cold" teacher, who is just doing his job and does not care about his students. A teacher who just knows his topic and nothing else is not a good teacher. So just be yourself, help your students and teach the right thing and every student likes you the way you are.