Television advertising is something completely normal nowerdays.  Advertisments are used to convince the people of specific products. Often they are directed toward young children. Because if they like it, and they see the product in the next shop, they are going to try to convince their parents to buy it. Often they have a bigger chance of succes, than the original television advertisment. That'swhy the people in this business  directed it towards them. But should that really be allowed? That's the question discussed in this small essay.

It is obviously a little "sneaky", what the advertisment people do, to convince as many potential clients as possible. But does it really harm the children? It is much easier to convince little children of a product. You just need a funny, colourfull, little clip, that somehow speaks to them and they will do the rest. Maybe not even knowing what they're doing, the will recognise the product and will want to have it. That really does not seem to be too bad. Children are very influenceable, which makes them to easy victims but they are also in a stage of learning. So you not only indirectly convince their parents, you also make some potential future clients. What they see in their younger ages and what their parents use, they will remember later and are going to use the same thing. You don't really give them the possibility to choose. They are not yet ready for that. But their makes does the choice for them, making the children want something that might not even be good for them. But in the end, there are still the parents, which can influrence their child and simply say "no", if their children want something stupid.      

Also making television advertsing directed toward young children, already asumes, that there will be children watching it. An advertisment does not work, if nobody is going to watch it. So young children are already supposed to sit infront of the television. Which is really sad, considering people that young should rather go outside or play with friends. 

I think it should not be forbidden. But it is also not very good. In the end it is thou the parents,that influence their children the most. 

