Television advertising directed toward young children is a controversial subject. While some people's opinion is that it has a bad influence on young children, some others claim that young children don't get harmed by television advertising at all. In the following paragraphs I'm going to explain different reasons that agree or disagree with television advertising that is directed towards very young children.

First of all, opponents of television advertising argue that children this young are influenced very easily by their surroundings. Amongst other things, this can be their parents, friends they play with and also television. If they are being exposed to television advertising, critics say, their personalities can't develop as well as if they weren't, because advertisements are always very persuasive and try to change people's opinions, which is not something a young person should experience. 
Second, some people say that young kids should spend their time on more useful things like playing with their friends or crafting instead of sitting still all day in front of the TV. By allowing advertising directed towards children, companies are more likely to try to persuade parents to let their daughters and sons watch television more often, since they can possibly make profit out of it. This is a trend that is not beneficial for the children's brain development, since passive activities like watching TV don't create a lot of connections inside of the brain. 

On the other hand, supporters claim that television advertising is actually beneficial for children. They say that the advertisements are designed almost like any other show for kids: Friendly, colorful and underlined with fun music and therefore can't be harmful for young individuals. 
Furthermore, they say that the advertisements never promote anything harmful for kids, but new toys, coloring pages or similar instead. They think children, even children as young as a two-year-olds, should be informed about the things they might like and maybe even get an idea for a birthday wish out of it. 

In my opinion, advertising for children on television is not something I support or am particularly fond of. I don't think that it's beneficial in any way for the children and just another way for companies to generate more revenue. I also think that it can have an unhealthy effect on very young children who are to young to tell the difference between reality and fiction. Nevertheless, I think that not all advertisements should be banned but instead watched evaluated by experts for human brain development first before they get released.

