What should a teacher be ?

In our today's society the schools and the education is verey important, because education is the key to a good future. But how do the people get taught? Well, there are a lot of oppurtunities to receive an education, but the most common is the education you get in school. Students get taught from teachers and teachers have to have the qualities for teaching a student. In the statement it says a teachers ability to relate with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. The questions now is wheter the knowledge or the ability to relate with students is more important, because we all want to receive a good education in someway. 

Firstly I have to say that the knowledge is very important to bring with oneself, especially as a teacher, because the knowledge of the teacher is what the students pick up and need to expand their knowledge, so it is a fundemantal quality a teacher has to bring with himself. 
In contradict to that it is also important to have the ability to relate with the students, because students are not like robots and pick up everything they are told, but they need to get the information in a way that they can understand. What is the point of teaching if you have the knowledge, but you don't know how to teach the students? There is no point, because a teacher has to be able to relate with the students in order to give the information in an interesting way. 
Another point is if the teacher can not relate well with students the teacher may not be respectetd and accepted by the students, because they don't get along with the way of the teaching. 

All in all a teacher has to bring both qualities, he has to be able to relate with the students in order to archieve respect and to be able to help students who doesn't undetstand a subject, but he also has to bring a certain knowledge of the subject he teaches, because otherwise he couldn't give the students the informations they need. 
In my opinion I think it is very important to relate with students because that's the most important thing about being a teacher. You have to give the students an education, but you have to do it in a 