Television advertising for children between two to five 

Every kids, teenagers and the rest of the people love to watch television and on the TV we dont only watch movies and news. There are also advertisment. So should children between two and five years old watch advertisment.

Firstly, watching a food advertisment makes a child to eat something.For example if there is a new lindt chocolate advertisment on TV and your son or daughter is watching it, I am sure that this child has appetite to eat one of these chocolates. Most of the kids are starting to cry. Because they want a chocolate right now and that is a problem.

Secondly, most of the advertisment are about toys. While the chiildren are watching TV, the parents be sure that their child want to have one of these toys. For example when you are going shopping with your child, your child will  see the teddy bear trom the advertisment. By the way children have a very good memory. As first the child will pick the teddy bear and ask daddy and mummy if they could buy for him. Most of the parents will say no. How will the situation looks like. This child will start to cry and makes a lot of noise in the shop. So you cant slap your son or daughter so you are forced to do something. 

Finally, there are also advertisments which aren't thought for children. For example an advertisment about how to shave your legs. Why should your child look this advertisment? My friends sister, i think she is four years old. Once when the parents went to work, the girl was alone with my friend at home. While my friend was in her room, the girl went to the bathroom and took the racer out of the cupboard. Suddenly my friend heard that something fell down. She run to the bathroom and the she saw her sister with a racer in the hand and the racer gel on the floor. 

I think sometime when kids watch advertisment they try things out and get in trouble, which isnt nice. In my opinion all children after 5 years old are allowed to watch ads but under the age of 