Have you ever felt left out in class? Well, maybe it's not yoour mistake, but the goverment's. Teachers and stundents often have no connection with each other. And that's what i want to talk about in this essay.
The main question of this essay will be if "A teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." and if I agree or disagree with this statement.

Over all, I agree with this stament. For me, the bond between a teacher and a student is very important for both. Obviously if the student doesn't feel like he's a part of the class or the lesson, he often drifts away and doesn't pay any attention anymore. At the same time, it's also very imporant for the teacher to understeand the state of which the student is at the moment. This is especially a problem with older teachers. Older  teachers tend to be stuck in the age they grew up in. They are not used to these "new" problems the youth nowdays have or think they have. Often the studens can't relate or form a deep understeanding with the teacher because he or she also can't relate in any way with the problems their students may have. I myself feel more drawn to young teachers. I always feel like it's easier to talk with them about any kinds problems I might have. I remeber when my sister went to school, she often had sought help at home when she had problems in school, because not only weren't the teachers willing to help her with her problems, they were a part of them. 
So having a teacher which is able to relate with the problems the youth nowdays have, can be a huge help for studens haveing problems at home, or are suffering from depressions or a mental illness, since these people often can't find help at home.
And while the "excellent knowledge of the subject" is important, it's still, atleast for me, more important to be there, to pay attention and feel like a part of the class. Theachers anway have often a scheme which they follow step by step, like a dossier, which means that they really cant make many mistakes while teaching their stuednts. I also think that it's more imporant for a student to be engaged in the class and find intrests in the subject, rather than just getting fed information everyday and also forgetting that information after finishing the exams.

I very agree with this statement and i hope that the goverment will pay more attention and work on this subject, so that teachers and students can have a better time and understeanding together.