"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than the knowldge of the subject being taught." This is a very often questioned statement. I think the realtion of a teacher with his students is something very important. Because if for example a whole class doesn't like a specific teacher, it's very difficult for this teacher, to make his class sympathic. The students probably won't be productive and serious in the lessons of this one teacher, because they don't like him or her. If the teacher gives homework to the class, and the class don't like this teacher at all, I'm sure, nobody are going to do the homework. It's kind of a protest against this teacher. The teacher should notice that he or her is not popular. 
But on the other side a good relation from a teacher to his students isn't all. Because if the education is bad, then a good realtion doesn't help. Teachers have the job, to make a good class and for example to bring the students through their final exams. What is a good relation without any good education? Nothing. It won't help the students or bring them forward in their lifes in any way.
If the teacher is too kind and too friendly to the students, the students will see this teacher more as a friend than as a teacher and this is not how it should be. If this happens, teh respect from each other won't be there and it's difficut, especially for the teacher, to make still a good and strict class.
The knowledge of the subject from a teacher must be good. Otherwise the classes are getting boring for the students, because the teacher isn't able to make an interesting class, because he knows too less about his own subject to make his class interesting. The students probably are going to be bad in the tests and this is very demotivating for everyone in the class. 
It's important for a teacher to have a good knowledge of his subject to make a good and interesting class but also having a good relation to the students. A teacher shouldn't be a friend for the students but he or she should't also be an enemy. A strict but still good and interesting class is important and needed.