Television is one of the most popular media o our time. Everyone spends between two to six hours a week watching television. Commercials are made to entice us, to tempt us, to seduce us to buy a product. This does not only apply to adults, but to children as well. The first commercial that comes to my mind is Geox. "Does it really breathe, mum?" This must have been the most frequently asked question when young childred first saw this commercial. 
Now, how right or wrong is it to inlfluence such young children and should it be prohibited?

It is importanat or children to recognize that money and spending moeny is the most important thing in our current world. What would prepare them better than showing them commercials and letting them decide what they want to spend money on rom an early age on?

All commercials have the goal to make us buy the product, to make us believe it is the best product to buy. To influence a child is quite unfair, since all parents ever want is to make tehir children happy. Another way to achieve that is more often than not to buy them what they ask for. A child, however, can not distinguish between a long lasting product and one that will be good only or one time use.

But is it not what drives the economy: Driving people in whatever way to buy products they have no need for? That is how it thrives and how not only the economy but capiatlism, too, can continue to exist.

Getting parents to buy things for their children, which's quality is questionable, is ruthless. Moeny that would better be spent on long-term things or saved for later education is thrown out of the window. 
This is hardly the capitalism's fault, but rather the parents for not managing their money correctly, some might say.

It would be interestig to see someone refuse their child something it was brainwashed to want. SInce young children are only just developing the most important parts of tehir brains influencing them through commercials is not a hard thing to do, just an unfair thing. 

All in all I belive that it is wrong to seduce anyone, let alone little children to buy products of which they have no need for.
