Does a teacher really has to have excellent knowledge of the subject he is teaching?

I think a teacher has to have a basic knowledge about that, what he is trying to learn to his students. It is impossible for a student to learn something from somebody, which has no idea what he is talking about. A secondary effect when the teacher knowa about what he is teaching is, that he automaically explains why things are how they are. He can make examples or explain it in another way. That helps the students by learning stuff. When a teacher has a lot of experience in his subject it will also help him by teaching because he can relate on older situations. I mean experience like a biology teacher which has worked in a zoo when he was young for example. That is very interesting for students to hear about situationt which really happened to him. And this anecdotes will rest in the brains of the students. But when a teacher has too much knowledge like a chemistry teacher which worked very long in a laboratory it is not always good, because he could perturb the students in the way he is explaining his subject. The students would be overrun by his knowledge and that's not helpful too. A good teacher should not only have a big knowledge but also a well working relation to his students. A teacher is like a parent who is trying to learn us something new. And to open the possibility of learning new things there must be a good relation between both of them, students and teachers. It is also called a learning clima or a learning ambience. This factor is really important for an effective learning process. As a student you can't listen to a professor who is always angry or who is too nice to his students. You have to have fun by learning. Otherways it won't work. There are students who are telling, that they are so scared of a teacher, mabye because he is always shouting to them and often aggressive, so they just can't learn anymore and have a blocade. So you can see that the ability to relate with students is very important to guarantee the basic of learning. The knowledge of a teacher will just work and help the students if a good relation is already here. Both are needed and a good lesson will not work when one of them is missing. In this point of view I am saying that I agree with the  statement, that relation is more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject a professor is teaching.