We are confronted with advertisement everywhere our everyday life. Offers to buy the new classic burger or the best computer in the country pop up in newspapers, sings on the streets or in television. Children aged two to five usually watch TV and therefore the television is their way of connecting to the advertisement world. Advertisements in television are specified. During lunch time you can see food commercials and during summertime there are holiday commercials. Even if you weren't specifically thinking of buying a hamburger as an example, after seeing the commercial you may crave one. This is how advertising influences our subconsciousness. 

The aim of commercials is to make create a potential customer who is paying money for this certain product that is being advertised.
However children from age two to five neither have the money nor the possibility to buy this product. They have to show their interest to their parents in order to saticefy their needs. Advertising could lead the children to be interested in challenging toys and games such as memory games or puzzles. In contrast, ads also could seduce the children to wish for dangerous toy like toy guns or little toy that could be swallowed. Toys and games also have an psychological influence on children whose brain is still developing and growing to reach its maximum size. Toys like a Barbie doll may lead to extreme beauty ideals with girls that could cause a later eating disorder. If a girl plays with similar looking dolls that have slim legs a tiny waist as well a perfect face she may develops a low self-esteem because she keeps comparing herself to her Barbie doll. Boy toys that immitate shooting could lead to aggressiveness in the adult age. 

So toys can be very important with the psychological and characteristic development of children. 
They either influence children that young age in a good manner by challenging them or can lead to controversial ideals and behaviour problems. 
In my opinion television advertisement should be censored and approved by authorities in order to protect the children.