The perfect teacher

What is more effective? If a teacher is able to relate well with his class and it's students or if he has an excellent knowledge of the subject he teachs?
This is a very difficult question I guess because both sides/kind of teachers have their advantages and disadvantages. 
In the following text we will examine these different aspects to find the more suitable statement:

- In primary schools it is much more useful when the teacher is able to interact well with his students; this school level is also made to get social abilities and to develope it's own character.
Example: The nine year old James has prolems with his class. He is a mobbing victory and often gets insulted badly by the other kids in his class. If his teacher, Mrs. Miller, wouldn't pay that much attention to her class and couldn't relate that well to them as she's actually doing, James wouldn't knwo what to do. But thanks to Mrs. Miller. the proplem can be solved with conversations within the class.
- In secondary schools, it isn't much of use if the teacher is a nice and sensitive person: Even if the whole class likes him and even if his form of teaching is funny and interesting, this won't be much of an use regarding to the finals. If the students don't get the hole themes they need to know for their finals they won't pass their exams and this can be devastating.
Example: Scott really likes his teacher Mr. Smith. He is a very nice person and everyone likes him. But than the finals are coming and Scott recognize that he won't pass his finals because he doesn't know all the themes.

In my opinion, it's more important to get the hole stuff you need to know for your finals/ the university than having a nice teacher who is able to relate with the class. A good and accurate knowledge is the thing that you will need for your future career, how should you get this if the teacher doesn't have it too?
Of course, the best thing that could happen if a teacher can be both: Good and accurate in explaining his wide knowledge but also relate well with his students.
Bit if I could decide, I would definitly choose a teacher with a good and widespread knowledge.