It is controversial. On one hand it is very important to have a friendly and respectful relationship to eachother. It is essential that teachers and students treat eachother with respect and are willing to work with eachother. You cannot have a successful school career if you are not motivated to do it. And that depends also on a cooperative mindset that has to be used also towards your teacher. If you like your teachers it often is based on their motivation to be somebody who you can talk to and who is okay to discuss something with you. It is important that there is no big gap between students and teachers. Sure it is true that teachers must be considered as a dominant role. But it is dangerous that one can feel like he has power over his students. It should go that far that the students still treat their teachers with respect but don't have to be afraid of them. he teachers shoud act the same way. They should try and relate with their students, be there for questions and problems but also represent their role as someone who is in charge of teaching them important things.
On the other hand I think that it is a risk to be a teacher who is very close to his students. You don't focus on the things you should teach them. It has been different some years ago. School was a place where the students where in extreme subordonnance and where punished. The only thing you did was studying. There was no friendly relationship between students and teacher unless you did good at school. That is the extreme version but surely that doesn't accure nowadays. If you focus on an excellent knowledge you don't build relationships and treat everyone the same way. Because if you are being very open to your students it is often the case that you like some more than the others and it gives students the feeling of not being as valuable as the others. So if the only thing you do is teaching that is less possible to happen. Of course you should always be respectful to eachother, no doubt.
In my opinion you should choose a compromise. You should be motivated to teach your subject well and successful but it is also very important that you have good relationships with your students, be open and freindly. You should gove them the feeling of being heard und understood. And respect is they keyword of it all.     