Now a days children are surrounded by television, smartphones and computers. In the television there are many different programmes for children but I think some children also watch programmes which are for adults and teenagers. As we all know there is always pretty much advertisement even in the channels just for younger kids. So it`s important to overthink if television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.
Children aged two to five do not know yet what advertisement is. They might realise that the advertisement does not belong to the show they watched but they do not know yet that there are huge enterprises that have only one goal and this is to sell more of this product because they want to earn money. In this age children are still learning a lot which means that they absolutely do believe what they are watching. They do not ask themselves if what they tell in television might be wrong. If an advertisement says for example that this is the cutest teddy bear and you can see really happy children playing with it, the children who watch the advertisement think that exactely this teddy bear has to make someone happy. They do not doubt it, because they can see the happy faces of other kids. So they want to buy this teddy bear and the enterprise has reached its goal.
A positive aspect of advertising can be that if it is an advertisment for something good. For example in the cinema their is always an advertisment to donate money for sick children. If children see this they might learn that it is important to be social and also help others. So they can also be influenced positive.
But overall I think advertisement toward young children should not be allowed because the children get influenced too much because they do not understand yet how advertisement works. It might be possible to not allow advertisement on channels for children but the problem is that many children watch also shows which are not made for their age and I think it is not going to be possible to not allow advertisement on all the channels because the channels also need to earn money and they do this in part by allowing advertisment.