I really don't know how anyone could come up with a sentence like this but I have to do this task anyway.
At a young age humans can be easily influenced by anything here an example: A child which was born into a christian family could be kidnapped by terrorists and raised to become a suicide bomber, once again this was just an example so why don't i start with my arguments. Well it is true that children are easily influenced by things as mentioned above but there is one thing in their life which can prevent things like that, those individuals are often known as "Parents" and they have the power to lead there children to the right path, the path of christianity, or rather the path of common sense and not christianity because religion could also be a bad influence so anyway. I don't see why it shouldn't be allowd to show children advertisments which are directed to them because if they and their parents are easily influenced by advertisments on the television, for example for toys, they are simply naive and probably not really intelligent.
Another argument against this silly statement is that children aged between two to five are often not even capable of thinking and besides that they do not even own money and if they do it's a case of bad parenting but that's just my opinion cause what do I know right? I'm just a student not knowing anything.

The points I made may seem invalid or stupid but think about it, if you really think about it two or three times you will come to the same conclusion or opinion.

So in conclusion this statement above is completely stupid and I don't know how something like this could end up as the theme of a discussion between two or more people. It's as if people would start to discuss about terrorism which clearly is the best thing in this world, did I say best? sorry I meant worst.

(By the way the timespan for this task is way to high I would shorten it a bit maybe to twenty minutes? or even fifteen? cause I'm already done with this and it only took me about fifteen minutes so yeah.)

(Please don't take me serious especially about that terrorism comment I'm just trying to be funny and laugh about myself and write in english because it's a very nice language.)

(Did you notice something? if you would have given me less time I wouldn't have been capable of writting so much nonsense below the actual text. And there is still time left for some more nonsense.)

(Let's practice some smileys: ._. this is an "Are you serious?"-smiley)

._.