Monica, a three years old girl is sitting in front of a TV. Her mom is cooking and her  dad still at work. Suddenly an advertising comes on the TV, its about a Barbie, that in the advertismet evreybody popular in the school has. Monica herself, is not really well liked and popular, so she decides that she relly needs one of these Barbies. She talkes too her mom, that she really needs this Barbie, first her mom says she wont buy her one. But after Moniva startes too cry her mom agrees, and says that she will buy her one. This example lead to the question, if its appropriate to direct television advertising toward childred in a young age, or if this should be banned. 

In the case of Monica, the advertising should be banned, because the industrie uses the anexiety of an young children and says with a materiel thing that she would be happier. Thats a wrong way to think, and if children already think that way in a young age, they will end up being a shoppaholic when they are going to be older and having a hard time. They always will be thinking, that buying a lot of trendy and exoensive things is what makes them happy. 

But on the other hand, you could say, that TV itsself isnt good for the right development of a children in a young age. So it doest matter if the children are watching dump cartoons or advertisings were at least a few people can earn some money. So its overreacted, when for exapmle parents are making a drama out of advertisings, when their children are sitting 2 hours per day in front of a TV. Because if the advertisings really would distract them, they just could take the children to a playground or even just watch a DvD. 

We can see, that we cant just say "No" or "Yes" to advertisings for children. But what I think, is that the development of a child is not being supported with false images of what is important in life and what not. But I think we also could use that as a chance to make a change in the world, because to be real, mostly evrey family nowdays has a TV , and television is watched from time to time. So why not use this as something good? Just make advertisings were children can learn from, and it wouldn't be a problem for anyone anymore. 

