It is always said the teachers should relate well with the students but on the other hands students and parents, actually everyone, expects from teachers that they have an absolute accurat knowledge about what they are teaching. 

It is known that a good relation between a teacher and a student on a social level can improve his or hers understanding of the subject. In other words: If the teachers goes along well with they students they can do a better job in class. The ability to do that is very important but not everyone, especially not every teacher, is owner of this ability. The strict prohibition of making fun with the teacher during the class can lead to a very boring class which results in bad perfomances of the students because they are used to boring and strict ways of teaching and therefore they are not interested anymore. For example if a teachers is very strict and punishes you for every little talk with your neighbour it can get very annoying so you are not willing to work productive anymore.

On the other hand it's not very professional if a teacher has not an excellent knowledge about his subject because he's in school for teaching the subject not for operating and making fun with the students. A teacher teaching wrong stuff about his subject is a catastrophe because the school prepares and shapes young students for their later lifes in jobs and if they go out of school with unaccurat or even wrong knowledge they will have difficulties in inding a job or getting through businesses.
One of the main problem of teaching and relating very well with the students is that the classes are likely to forget about the seriosity of school and the importance of learning. 

I personally do not agree with the statement because the arguments of the side of disagreement completely persuade me. But I think it is important to find a mixture between strict teaching and a good relation between student and teacher. It is important that this relation is not ignored because as said it's not unimportant. students are ways more interestend in a subject if they have a funny teacher and if they can make fun but also be serious. I think sometimes it's even relaxing for students to have a serious and quiet class.