The future will be shaped by the children of today. This is why a good education system is so improtant. Children need to be educated in a way that their understanding of the world can shape the future fo the better. Everyone agrees on that. The remaining question is what is the best way to educate these children. An extremly broad education whereyou drop hardly any subjects until you go to university like in Switzerland or a specified school system like in England? An even more basic question is how do we teach those children? In a strict regime where the teacher is at the top of the food chain and the children have to do as they say or should the teacher be able to relate to the children and be more eye to eye? This is the question I will discuss in the following essay.

Being an expert in the subject you are teaching is extremly important. As a Gymnasium teacher you need to have a degree, preferably in the subject you are teaching. This nessasary on one hand to be able to answer any questions a student might have correctly without having to google it. On the other hand to be able to bring the information across in an interesting way and the teacher is more likely to know about current news or topics that could be intering to discuss in class if they have a personal interest and connection to this area. Also as a student one can feel how enthusiastic the teacher is about his/her subject. This makes the work needed to go into a subject much more appealing for a student that might not be very good at that subject.

Being able to relate with a student struggling in class is nessasary to help that student. If a teacher just pushes through what he/she needed to do in that lesson without letting the students ask questions to be able to understand what is being said, the teacher might as well have stayed home because the students will not have learnt anything in that lesson. 

I don't think one can say one is more important than the other. They are both equally important. A teacher that is willing to help and who can relate to a student but can't answer any questions not exactly related to the subject is as much use as a a teacher who is so brilliant that the students can't understand a word he/she is saying.
