Today we can see advertisement everywhere, it belongs to our world. Every company has one for their products, even schools have some, so it seems that it's normal for us.I could even say that it would be rather strange if the streets were empty and there wouldn't be any of them. 

So back to the statement. There is a lot of television advertising especially for young children. Most of them are for toys and small games which were made for children. Of course when young children see the advertisment they likely want to have this exact toy. But on the one hand this is a good thing for the parents. If they don't know what the next birthday present should be, they can easily decide with these advertisments. The children help the parents and give them some hints. I used to do this with my parents too, I told them what I saw on the TV or in the shops and they used to buy me the toy.
 
On the other hand it could be that the kids want lots of things and they don't stop complaining about it. They get angry and sad and the parents can't find no other escape and they have to spend a lot of money for every single product which was shown in the TV. That often happens today, I see that with my neighbour's daughter, she gets everything she wants, because she doesn't stop complaining about it.

Another negative aspect is that the children watch too much TV. They want so see every new thing which is out on the market and they keep watching and watching. They spend too much time watching TV than going out and playing with their friends. I can clearly see that with my sister and her friends. They would rather watch some advertisements than going out even on a sunny day. 

Still many young children, especially from two to five, don't have a chance to go to a shop and look at things and buy it themselves. They are too young and maybe the parents don't have much time.  So the television advertising gives them a good possibility to see what's going on in the shops and on the market and they can make their wish lists for christmas much easier. So it's also good for the parents they don't need to spend much time going into a shop with their children. 

I disagree with the statement above, because I think television advertising means no harm to anyone. Every company and every shop needs to find a way to sell their products. Further I don't think that they "brainwash" the children's mind, I think the children got used to it and they don't even notice the advertisement anymore. It's also an easy way for the parents to find an accurate present for their children. 