"Mom, there was this super cool advertisement about the new LEGO police station. Can I please get it?" We have all heard children asking there parents about productspresented by advertisements. Television advertising toward young children is a big topicnowadays. So the following essay is going to be about the statement: "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.  There are many pro- and many contra-arguments, I am going to start with a pro-argument, followed by a contra-argument, and I will end this essay with a conclusion.

Firstly, you have to think about the strength of these advertisements, they are in a way comparable to probaganda. If a young child sees a advertisement, by watching televicsion, the first thing it is going do, is to ask its mother about buying the products it has seen in the advertisement. For instance, the example in the introductiory part, toy advertisements will lead the child to go and ask its parents, to buy these presented toys. The problem is that the child does not care about the financial situation , or the company that produces the toy. So it can not set its own mind.

Secondly, you have to think of young children watching television. The problem is that it can not take up all the information seen, as fast as adults do. So if you have a toy company, the best tactic is to show the costumers the product by advertising it. So why should a toy company not show advertisements in the television of the products they sell, to their customers? Compared to advertisements for unintresting products for a child, for exymple a car, it is nothing but fair that companies, who sell product for children, are allowed to place advertisements. As well it is nothing but clever for the company, because in one of five cases, the advertisement will lead the parents to buy the product.

Summed up, you  could say that television advertisements for young children, are not good, nore bad. Its a question of perspective. On one hand, the company needs these television advertisements to sell their products. On the other hand, it is not nice for the parents, because the child wants the produts it sees, by watching television. I think that television advertisements are a two sided story, because for the companies they are needed to show their products. But for the customers they are, most of the time, annoying. I think as well that young children better shoukde go outside and play.