I think a good teacher should can do both. He should have the ability to relate well with students, but also knows what he is speaking about in the school.
But I think it's more important to have a good relation to the students. The first argument for the ability to relate well is the fact that teacher have to studie there knowledge. So it will never has a teacher who doesn't know anything about his subject. Maybe he hasn't an excellent knowledge as another teacher, but I'm sure that no teacher could work for a school when he's not sure about. 

The reason for a good relation between teacher and students is easy: They will learn more, if the like theire teacher. If the don't like him, they won't like to go to school. So they're not motiviated enough to do some exercise or practise at home. But if they have a good realation to the teacher, the will do the best of the situation. The motivatin will be big enough to learn something new, to get a bigger knowledge. 
But theire is also a little danger: On the one hand they should have the ability to relate well with students. But on the other hand they should not to be to nice to them. Because they are students and some rules have to be! 

But what would happen if the have a bad relation to each other?  Maybe it would be so bad, that they can't have a normal lesson. The students would do everything to interrupt the teacher or to make the teacher's life to hell. Moreover the parents will be also not the biggest fan of this teacher if theire child says something negativ about him all the time. 
But if they have a good relation he can also do some specials. He can go to a museum with the class or watch a theater or a movie, so there would be more different ways to learn. The students will support and help to do a good lesson so it will be easier for himself. 

So I think it's better and more important to have the ability to relate well with the class than excellent knowledge. It's important that he knows what he's speaking about but if they have a good connection to each other, school will get easier!