Young kids are easy to influence. If you tell them something they will most likely believe it. So you can tell them they will never have real fun if they don't get that toy, they will want it. Even if they don't really like the thing, they want the fun they see in the advertisement. So they will go to their parents and ask for it, if they are lucky they will get it, but the dissapointement is big when they realise that it's not exactly the same as the TV showed them. So advertisement for toys for children at that age should not be allowed.

Producers use tricks to get the attention of the kids. Children like bright colours, music and loud enthusiastic voices. So the producers just have to make a really colorfull advertisement to get to the children. Even better is when they use a personifcated animal or character they can identify themselves with. We can see, manipulate children isn't that difficult and the question is, do we really want our children to be manipulated this way?

The concentration of little kids is not realy long. They focus on something but it gets boring very fast. It's more contraproductive to buy a child everything it wants when it plays with it only two times. Another case is food advertisement for kids, like juices or things like that. If we buy this the thing we buy will be consumed so it's not just lost money. If they like it, great we can buy it again but if not the kids will know it when they see the advertisement the next time and don't want it that bad anymore, they may just enjoy the advertisement.

So for my opinion Advertisement for young children should only be for food, so the children can really play with things they have fun with and not just play with something someone told them it was fun. The food is not a waste of money and the chance the children can get it is bigger. And if they don't like it the parents just don't buy it again, if a kid doesn't like a toy they will have it and wont play with it anymore, so we can say that that is a waste of money. Toys can be seen at toystores where they often can try it and see if they like it. 