Advertising is something that we are confronted with every day of our lifes. There are posters at the trainstation, people that call us to ask if we want to buy their product and of course there are countless spots on TV. In between shows and movies short videos promote products and tell us why we need to have them. Most ads are about cars, laundry soap or shampoos, but there are also toys or stuffed animals that are shown in these little clips. This kind of advertising is directed toward young children. There are arguments for and against TV advertising toward young children.

Young kids do not really have an idea of how those commercials are made to influence them. Children usually just see something on television and if they like the product that is advertised, they want to have it. Regardeless of how much it costs. They do not know that the commercial is made to make them want a product and that often these TV spots are really exaggerated. Kids are not aware of how much a television ad can influence them. 

Also, businessmen are taking adventage of this group of young people. We all know how children can be when they want something at the grocery store: They sream at their parents and throw a fit, because they don't realize how much things cost and how important it is for parents to mange thir budget. Even if adults tell them that something is expensive, they can not understand why they do not just buy it for them. So TV commercial directed toward young children is not fair toward the parents, really. 

Kids also already have to take in a lot of information from the media. They have an information overflow everyday from their phone, tablet or television. So TV commercial directed towards them makes it even harder to deal with this overwhelming amount of infos. It is hard from them to know what is "real" and what is a "commercial" and not to be taken so seriously. 

But since kids will be confronted with commercial their whole lifes it is also important for them to learn how to know the difference between a commercial and a TV show, for example. When they see advertising from a young age, it might make it easier for them to see how the commercials influence them at a later point in their lifes. 

Nevertheless, in my opinion television commercial toward young children should not be allowed, since they already have an overflow of information and with televison advertising this overflow is increasing. 