Advertising directed toward young children

Nowadays you see advertisment everywhere. On billboards in the streets, in newspapers and on television. Youngsters aged two to five are in an age, where they play with dolls, cars and many other different things. When they see something they like, they will not stop asking their parents to buy it, until the parents give in and fullfill their wish.The problem is that children this young do not know what is necessary to have and what is not.  Often the brandnew bought thing is cool for a week and then it lays around in the children`s room and is not noticed. They do not think, if they could need it, they just want it or not.

I think that it should be forbidden to direct television advertising to children because it will only remind them of what they do not have instead of what they have. It teaches them not to be thankful, but to always want more and new things, eventhough the old one probably would have still functioned. Suddenly everything they have is not good enough anymore. Unfortunately the new thing once also will be too old or not useful anymore, so newer version has to be bought. It is a circle of buying, being satisfied for a short period, seeing the advert of something new, wanting that and buying it and it will not stop as an adult. Maybe you think that if you buy this one thing, it will make you happy, but the truth is that you will never be truly happy because there will always be something better.

It is an ilusion to think that it is possible to ban television advertising for children, but a step would be to not let ones children watch to much television and rather go outside with them to play soccer or hide and seek. As a parent you should teach your children to appreciate ones ownings and not to buy the newest stuff because as a parent you are a rolemodel and your children will mostlikely treat their things similar as you do. Built a tree house with them or anything else because self-made things are much better than if you always 