Better a great relationship to students or a class with good marks?
The ideal would be the same things at the same time in the same class. But is that possible? Normally it can't be both. So what is better? I can't really choose one because for me it really has to be something in between. 
One argument which is against the statement would be for example, that I go to school to learn more and it's not really important who is teaching me it only counts that I learn something. But if I'm honest that's not really what I expect from school. I also want a funny schooltime whit good people around me and a good athmosphere during the lessons. So probably I would say it's more important to relate well with students than have a absolutly excellent knowledge class. But how does that work? Can a class be good in school although the teacher is friendly with the students? My answer to this question is an absolutly yes. And it's not just an ideal, no I also have experienced it. So here two examples to compare it: At my old school in my french class I had a really friendly teacher. Most of all would say, that she was in a way too friendly and has never "punished" us. On the other hand I had a really strong english teacher who also could get very fast angry about very little unnecessary things. So what was better for me? Maybe most of the people would say that now in the future they think it was good that they had a strict teacher in english because they have learnt so much more than in french. But for me it's totally the opposite. During my english class I always sat in the back and was just focused to not do any fault. To avoid this I always copied the solutions from others and never said something during the lessons. On the other side in french I really had fun in classes. I liked to reasd the books and discuss it. It was no problem if I have said something wrong and because of this I learnt so much more than in English. Than it's true that we learn from our faults. But if the teachers are just too strict that I hadn't the courage to even say something I couldn't do any fault which I could have learnt about it.