A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught.

In school, there are a lot of students and teachers. Every day, the students learn about different subjects. They sit in classrooms, the teachers talk.
Many students dont like to go to school, or want to do something outside are enjoing life. They ask about, why they have to learn all this things, because they know, that they will not need everything in the life, that they learn in school. Perhaps a teacher they like, can make the lessons more interessting?
Perhaps for the students it isen't so important that the teacher has an exellent knowledge of the subject.

Firstly, it is important, taht the teacher know exactly about waht they teach their students. When they learn the students something worng, they will learn it wrong. Secondly should the teacher have a good education in his subject. That's very important. They have to know what they are talking about.

Otherwise the stundents like the lessons more, when they like the teacher. When the teacher understand them and teach them with a heart. In addition the stundents will learn more, because they want to listen about what the teacher is telling tehm, because they like the teacher. For the stundents it plays no big roule, when the teacher don't know everything. As long as he can tell them, waht tehy want to hear, its perfect for them.

In my opinien I agree with the sentence, A teacher's ability to relate well with the stundents is more important than exellent knowledge of the subject being thaught. In my experience, as a student, I like to come into a lesson, when i like the teacher. Then I want to hear and understand, what the teacher is telling us. The teacher is also interessted in me. Enyway I think, the teacher is more open to talk with us stundents about more things. Things in life  who are realy important. More importent than a math formal or an physik experiment. 
In conclusion I think it brings us more, when we speak not just about  subjects, sondern also about our questions about the world.



 