When I go to our neighbours for babysitting, they never really want to watch televison, which I'm glad for. Still, there are many families where the children sit in front of the TV all afternoon. They see adverts and want their parents to buy whatever is shown there. It would probably be better if these ads were forbidden.

Television advertising is made based on information about who is watching which programm. If there are many children watching, the advert is more directed towards them because it is in general easier to make a kid enthusiastic about something so they want to have and therefore buy it than an adult. A parent's first instinct is to watch out for his child and it's happiness, so it's not hard for this child to convince his parent to buy something he truely wants, or at least thinks he wants. This connection should not be abused by big companies for their profit.

However, just because your child wants something doesn't mean you have to buy it. Evedy kid should be thaught by his parents that one simply cannot have everything they want. If they are not, there will be consequences later in their life and they won't be good. If the parents treat and teach their children right, there should not be a problem with a television advert. Foridding them would be of no use. Also, a well raised child doesn't spend all his time in front of the TV, so there would not be a problem either.

To sum up, advertising in television directed towards children can affect the parents to buy something, but if we want to know the reasons, we have to look at the raising of these children and their parents. Especially when you're young, your parents have a very big influence on your life and if they would teach their children that they can't have everything they want an of course not let them spend so much time in front of the TV, there would be no problem at all. Adults don't buy everything advertised in television either an dif we wanted to ban advertising directed towards children, we should also ban advertising directed towards teenagers and adults.