There are many teachers who have a brilliant knowledge of the subject they teach. That's very useful and important, but is it really effective if the teacher hasn't the ability to relate well with students? What's more important; the ability to relate well with students or the knowledge of the subject you teach others?

What's the effort if a teacher has a ability to relate well with his students, but doesn't know anything about the subject he's teaching? The answer is "nothing". We all know those teachers who are very kind and who are liked by all of the children but in fact they can't really teach you something. The job of a teacher is to teach something, not to entertain or amuse children, so you might say that it's more important that a teacher is an absolute crack, with a brilliant knowledge, in his topic than he has a ability to relate well with his students.
 
But on the other hand you have to see that the children won't learn anything if the teacher has no ability to relate well with them. I know exactly what I'm talking about, because here in college we have a physics professor, who is an absolutely "physics master" but can't teach anything. He has no ability to relate well with the students and as a consequence of that the students refuse to learn and say: "I don't understand anything - so why should I try?". Another example was when I was in secondary school: I had this biology teacher who wasn't a "real" teacher, more a retired, nature-interested man. We students loved his classes and learned even facultative stuff. He wasn't that educated in his topic as a professor in university, as you might argue, but he could relate well with us students, which was for us very important.
 
So for that reasons it's obvious for me, that a teacher has primarly be interested in the subject he's teaching and secondarly he has to have a good ability to relate well with the students. It's clear that he needs as well a excellent knowledge about what he's talking, but for me the ability to relate well with students is because of the named reasons and examples even more important.