The term "advertisement" is mostly seen in a negative light. Especially when connected with children. Parents feel the natural need to protect their child from anything that might harm them. Technology and television is more and more common with newer generations and children. In todays society it is seen as normal for a young child to play with an IPhone while waiting for their mother or even to watch hours of TV. But is it good for them? 
While watching television it, the child automaticly comes in contact with advertiesments, directed specificly towards them. With firendly music playing and colourfull backrounds. But being exposed to this kind of materialism being that young could influence children alot. Big companies know, that children are the weak point of their parents and use that to pressure them. How can anyone say no when their little girl with a big smile askes for a new barbie? Companies use the innocense an naitivity of the children to profit. Children that young don't really understand whats infront of them and maybe shouldn't be confronted with something that is used only to grab money. 
 It also seems like that ads want to tell children what to like. Girls like pink and boys like blue. Kids get influenced by that alot and get pushed into sterieo types and gender roles. But also one can say that this all is over exagerated. Is it that bad for a child to want a new shiny toy? Children are in the end only children and don't see anything bad in that. 
For me personaly, I would't let my children watch TV that young in the first place. I think for a child that young it is important to be in touch with what is around you not what you see on TV, ads or on a phone screen. I don't think it is that big of a problem if ads are directed to them. I certanly don't think it is very healthy for a kid to watch alot of TV anyways but i'm torn about the banning part. In the end we all are overthrown with ads anyways and it is still the decision of the parent whether they want to get their child something or not.