Exclamations like "I'm bad at English because I don't like my English teacher!" or "My maths teacher can't explain his subject understandably!" are often heard in school. But is ist important to go on well with your teacher to be good at a subject? Or are the teaher's skills more decisive?

On one hand, there are many reasons which indicate that the knowledge of the subject taught is very important. For instance, how  can a teacher explain the subject properly if he does not understand the basis of it to the fullest. Also, a teacher who does not know suffitent of his subject will only stick to his English book instead of adding some own interesting tasks to it. This makes the classes very strict and monotonous and does not create a good learning atmosphere. Also, the necessary self-

On the other hand, there are good reasons why the teacher's ability to relate well with students is crucial to educate effitiently. First of all, it is proven scientifically that students who like their teachers are more interested in the subject and will achieve higher marks than students who do not relate well with their teachers. This is due to the fact, that if you are interested in a subject, you can remember the things taught better and you will be more motivated to study for a test. Secondly, if teacher and students relate well, the whole atmosphere and mood in the classroom is good which creates a supporting precondition to learn.

So, I agree with the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. However, I think this also depends on the age of the students and is especially true for younger children. As it is very important that children go on well with their teacher and like to go to school to get the most out of their education. This is because there is a lot of interaction between the teacher and his younger students. However, at a higher level of education, e.g. at universities, the opposite is true. The professor and the students do not interact a lot as the professor lectures to many students simultanously his knowledge of the subject taught becomes more important at that age.
