Watching television has become part of our daily life. Most households own a television and most people enjoy watching films, series or the news on it, although every channel has an advertisement break. These advertisements are directed to many different people. The subject to debate is about whether television advertisement directed towards young children aged two to five should be allowed or not.

Advertisement for young children can be a good opportunity for them to get hold of what is going on in the world or what's new for them on the market. They can form an own opinion on what they'd like to play with and if those advertisements are proved, parents don't have to look around themselves anymore, so they'd have more time for other things.
Furthermore, all channels on the television get interrupted by advertisement. If channels for young children don't show advertisement that is safe for children anymore, parents can't let the children rest in front of the television anymore because they have to make sure it is safe for them all the time. But with advertisement for children, parents could let the children watch the television while doing other things, for instance the household, which would be a great relief for them.

However, if there isn't a regulation for on which channels those child advertisements should be shown, olderchildren and adults would probably get annoyed very fast from it.
In addition to that, it is not healthy for such young children to watch the television. Although something might seem harmless to us, children can get scared very easily. Advertisement for children would promote children watching the television.

In conclusion I would say that I do agree with this statement. I don't like the idea of children watching the television, especially advertisement as they can get brainwashed easily and aren't able to filter what is good or bad for them. I would agree with channels for children that are on the television for just a few hours per day, but there are so many other things you can do with your children that are fun too.