Education is the key to success - at least that's what we've been thought. But have you evere asked yourself who's responsible for a good education? I am sure teachers play a huge role in what's being thought to students and the future lawyers, doctors or criminals - depending on what values the teacher teaches. So what we are going to discuss is whether a teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught


Education is key, as I said before, therefore a bright knowledge of numerous things can't hurt. Actually, it is something very profitable. Knowing a lot of things can prevent being lied to and reflect a statement or a thesis more critically. More importantly if you ever have to decide where you want to go to college and what subject you want to study, it can be very helpful to be well aware of all subjects. But just as good as being critically and well aware is being hard-working. So if you have to learn a lot you start to plan your free time, be more organised and learn in an early age that hard-work is a very good quality.
 
On the other hand we all had teachers that wanted too much - so much some of us couldn't keep up. In my experience everyone met a teacher of this kind and someone who suffered from the teachers lack of symphathy for his students. It is a common problem that needs to be solved. But this isn't the only problem we have, when teachers don't get their students, it is also hard for the student to motivate himself if the teachers don't seem to understand them. The connection between student and teacher simply can't be made, because both feel misunderstood. So therefore the student can't reach to his full potential and outbring the best in himself, due to his missing support from the teacher.


As you see it is important, that students get a good education, but this in my opinion can only be acchieved if the teacher gets where the student is coming from. Not only his background but also his motivation, his thinking and feelings, because that's what makes us so special. So for me a teacher has to do both: he has to have excellent knowledge of the subject his teaching and also relate to his students. 
Only then you truly are a teacher and even a good. 
