In today's world, a world where we are surrounded by technology and media, seeing a piece of advertising at some point during the day is inevitable. No matter your age, location or language, advertisments are everywhere. From advertisements on television to advertisements on billboards to advertisements online, it is impossible to go a day without seeing at least a few. However, it is important to note that since people of all ages are subject to seeing advertisements, whether passively or actively, young children also take in what they see around them. Problem is, no one ever seems to notice, and if they do, they do not seem to care. Most children watch at least an hour of television every day, which means that they are subjected to seeing multiple advertisements, some which may negatively affect their mindsets and thoughts. In my opinion, children should not be targeted by advertisers, and the reasons behind this opinion will be outlined in the following short essay. 
Children see enough advertisments. As aforementioned, it is hard to leave your house without being bombarded by a series of billboards, posters and videos. You could argue that when children are at home, they are not affected by advertisments whatsoever. However, this is not the case, for as soon as their parents turn on the television, the advertisements come straight back. We must consider what influence this has on little childern. It may make them become extremely materialistic and greedy, meaning they might value the products they see on television and want nothing but to own them instead of valuing what they already have. Take, for example, an advertisment for a new toy, which a child sees multiple times during its television session. Most children, having liked what they saw and having seen it multiple times, would most likely start to beg their parents to buy it for them and would become infuriated were their parents to refuse. Alternatively, if their parents were to succumb to their children's wishes, the children could get the impression that what they say goes and could become used to being spoiled, which would  later in life. 
Another reason against targeting advertising towards young children is that is simply does not make much sense. A child between two and five years old would have to convince their parents to buy it for them since they cannot buy anything themselves. Furthermore, children are influenced very easily and are very gullible, meaning they will buy into anyhing they see or hear, leading to easy deception. Who would want to decieve a child?
In conclusion, I believe that targeting very young children when it comes to television advertising should not be allowed, or limited at the least. Children are already subjected to advertising everywhere else, so why at home? Advertising has no benefits for small children, so why not just leave it out entirely? If you would have argued that it would be more financially beneficial for children's television channels, then you should ask yourself what kind of society we live in if we put the finacial wellbeing of a company over the mental wellbeing of thousands of innocent children across the globe.