Television advertising is a topic which has been well discussed throughout all ages of the society. Many people are under the influence of ads and many dislike television advertising- If television adverstising is a good or a bad thing is debatable, but there is no such thing as a perfect answer.

Television advertising is key to a well functioning economy of a country. Billboards and newspapers are also an opportunity for  informing the population of one's country about upcoming and outstanding products. But it is the television which hasturned out to be most effective. In a by technology dominated society of 2017, people, even families spend a large amount of their day-time infront of a televsision. Watching TV whilst eating has become more than just normal, many families don't eat together so each of them can watch their TV-show. A company is eager to sell their products to as many people as possible. Therefore classic 'propaganda' and mouth to mouth propaganda are essential for an industry-branch to survive within the growing markets. By showing ads, people are confronted with the new or old products. Many may think about the products later on or think of them unconciously, without them noticing. The best ads are the most annoying ones. You for exp hear a song or see the beginning of the ad and already know which one it is. You think ugh not this one again, but that's the best reaction a person can have. Now the company knows that the ad is like 'branded' into one's brain. Ads are expensive, but bring in more money than they costed. A world without adverstising wouldn't work. And a TV-station simply cannot control how's watching TV. so ads for kids can't be removed easily just like that.

Ads, the word already reminds one and all of annoying theme songs and too much information in a too short amount of time. So the question is, are ads necessary? For older people yes, but for younger people, especially kids, no! Kids often watch TV as a treat rather than to waste time. They get promised that they are allowed to watch TV after homework or playing outside. Children, especially young ones, watch kid shows as cartoons or animated movies. These channels are not the place for ads. Why would one even think about placing ads on a kids-channel as Cartoon Network or Nikelodeon? No adults watch these channels, so it's even a waste of money placing ads there. Kids at an age of 2-5 years old shouldn't be manipulated at such an early stage. That ads need to be placed for adults is self-explaining, but channels which are only there for entertainment should be totally ad-free!

My personal opinion is that channels ,where the producers know that it is directed towards children only, should be aware that ads aren't very effective and that they should be banned. In a general statement, ads are essential for the survival of an economy because withoit ads the cycle would not work the way it does and needs to! And I recon that companies are really wasting their money because how many 2-5 year olds can actually memorize the things they see and recall them at an age of 9 or 10, when they are then able to buy things?