It is definitely very important, that a teayher can explain subject well to the student. Even if he was the most intelligent person on earth but he explains it horribly, the students wont understand it afterwards. Because the teacher has to give examples and if somebody doesn't understand it at the first time of exlaining the teacher has to have enough patience to go to him and explain it again. And if somebody wants to become a teacher he has to go to school hand there he study how to teach students. He learns it at his school. So thats why everybody who is a teacher should know how to explain something to the students. It is also very important that a teacher is good at explaining, because if the teacher doesn't explain anything to the students and they have to search everything on ther own in the internet, they probably don't like the lessons with this theacheer so much. And they don't want to go there anymore because it's so boring if they have look up everything on their own if the don't understand anything.

On the other hand it wouldnt be good if the teacher isn't very intelligent ain his subject. Because haw should he explain anything tp the students if he doesn't even know it by himself. Thats impossible. Another point is that the students have all their materials ans stuff so if they don't understand anything they con just take their books or worksheet and look up the informaitons they need. That would probably be a good preperation for the uni, because there you have to look up everything on your own. The teacher just talks for an hour and afterwards if you don't understand anything you have to find an anwer at home by yourself.

But in my opinion it is definitely more important that a teacher can explain you the things you don't understand than that he hasexcellent knowledge of the subject. It is better for the students. It is way easier for them to learn the things and keep the things in their had if the teacher esplains it in his own words so that everybody understands it, than if he would give everybodey a papere were everything is written down so complicated that nowboddy understands it except from the teacher. Summed up: the teacher should be a good explainer more than a superbrain.

 