Television has changed a lot in the past decades: While it served mainly as a source of entertainment for many years, there are channels today that seem to consist more of advertisements than of actual content like shows or films. What kind of product or thing is being advertised can differ a whole lot, depending on the time of the day and the channel: from beauty products to cars and, especially on the kids channels, toys. The latter is seen as rather problematic by some people, which creates the question: Should advertising directed toward young children not be allowed?

What could be considered as a disadvantage is the frustration of children of families that aren't too wealthy. In such a young age, children often do not have the kind of feeling for finance that would be necessary to understand why Mommy and Daddy won't be able to buy the toy that the girl from the TV has got. Lacking comprehension from the child's side can lead to frustration on both sides. 

Other than that, there is no visible reason why advertising could harm young children. It could actually serve as a source of eduacation if you look at the advertisement from another viewpoint: Watching all the little clips of toys that are marketed as "a must for every little car-lover" or "your girls new favourite toy" could help the children form an own opinion and, even more important: it can teach them a consciousness of knowing what to really believe and seeing what is just bogus. Surely, the young kids will not be able to really differentiate at this age, but the sooner a human being is confronted with a new situation, the longer it has time to, and the better it can adapt to it.

Considering that the confronted children are at still at such a young age, they also won't be able to earn their own money,hence they can not buy all the things they see on television, even if they want to so badly. The decision is always with the parents and I would claim that they are experienced enough to know that not everything you see on TV is to be believed.
 Considering all these facts I see no point in forbidding advertisement that is directed toward young children.

