Teachers have to have certain qualities to do their job. Two of them are their knowledge of the subject being taught and the ability to relate well with their students. The question is, which of them is more important. Some believe that the ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
It is known that students who like their teacher, are likelier to learn because they listen to their teacher more carefully when they feel understood. It is easier for them because if someone gives them the impression of understanding them and wants that they like him, they return the feelings. They feel more confortable around the teacher and when they like him, they listen more closely what the teacher has to say. In the end, knoledge which is related to positive feelings, is remembered more easily then knowledge which is obtained when the students experience negative feelings.
In contrast to that if the teacher is a nice person, it can be that he is too nice and the subject that has to be taught is left behind because the teacher spents to much time to help even the last student, who doesn't understand something. Each topic needs more time and this time would be needed to teach all topics that the teacher would have to teach. A less nice teacher who presses onwards with the topics but doesn't relate to the students as well as the nice teacher does teaches everything that is needed to be taught but the students won't like him very much.
My opinion is, that the teacher has to find a way inbetveen this to extremes to get the job done and to keep the students from hating him and therefore later not remembering what they learned in the teachers lessons. If the teacher relates to the students well enough, they will make his job easier because they want to listen and learn but if this is overdone, the same effect will occur that the hated teacher has to fight but in the opposite way. The teacher looses too much time and not the students.