Should Television Advertising for Children be allowed?

As soon as we turn on the television we will see a lot of advertising. They all have the same goal: to make us want to have the product. But that doesn't work everytime, because as soon as we know the price we start to think if we really need that product. But there is one group of people that cannot decide if they really need the product or not: Children. When they see a new toy on the television, they are very easy to manipulate so they just want everything. So the question is now: Should television advertising directed towards children be allowed? In the following text I will explain why it should and should not be allowed.

First the counter arguments. Children cannot decide if they need a product or not, so they would be manipulated very easely by the companies and the parents would have to pay the price for that. It is very difficult for the parents to work against the advertising for children. To completly forbid the children the television cannotreally be the solution for that so the better thing would be to not allow television advertising for children.That are the reasons why it should not be allowed to manipulate the chlidren with advertising.

I will now explain why it should be allowed. Firstly, television advertising for children gives the companies an opportunity to make money. This is especially important for companies which sell toys because how else would they inform their custormers what new product they have. When the companies sell more product, the state gets more money and that will help our economy. Another argument is that it should be the task of the parents to look after their children and buy them or not the things they want, and explain why they do so. It should be the parents who should discuss with the children if they really need that product. That are the reasons why it should be allowed.

In conclusion I would say I think it is better if television advertising for children is aloww


 