Should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed?

This is a question which I asked myself a few times when I used to watch television. 
Advertising in general is quite an interesting phenomenon, in which the viewer is convinced through image and sound that a certain product or way of living is more beneficial or more practical than what they already own. Some people even call it a minor form of brainwashing.
So should it be acceptable to put children of a young age under the influence of advertisement?

Of course advertisement is needed for a product to sell well. If we didn't advertise it, how would the general masses even know it existed?
Through advertisement and thus selling the product, capital is accumulated, and so more of the product can be made and sold, and this goes on until there is no need for the product, or a better version of it has been developed. This then furthers our economy, which naturally is beneficial for the citizens.

However if children get to see advertisements which have been specifically made to make them want the product, for example by integrating a famous cartoon character and lots of colours, they will want to own the product, because of how it is presented to them. This wouldn't be as bad if the children payed for those products with their own money, however in the end it will be their parents who will have to pay for it, since the children have no sustainable way of money income. 

The money is not the only issue. It is known for a fact, that children are more easily influenced by their surroundings than grown up or fully mentally developed people. This means that they are more prone to believing in what the advertisement tells them and so they are drawn to it, and wanting to own it, eventhough they don't really need it. 
This is of course also another aspect of growing up: knowing what you really need in your life or what you would just like to have, just for the sake of owning it.

It is quite difficult do decide if advertisement directed towards children is good or bad, since the market for toys and various other goods designed for children is being boosted and improved due to funds, but at the same time, children will have expectations of what they need to own in life, which in my opinion, is not an ideal attitude for a five year old. 
This is an especially hard question for me, since I haven't actively watched any TV in about eight years, and in generall I'm not very exposed to advertiesment in my daily life, and if I am, I do not care much for them. 

If we can prove that advertisements subconciously alter our ways of thinking about an object, I believe that there shouldn't be such a thing as advertisements directed towards children, since they aren't yet capable of making thuroughly thought through decisions. If children are exposed to advertisments too much, they might even get used to someone telling them what to buy or what to do, which might ultimately lead to them not having as much innovative thinking.