As a student you often feel misunderstood by the teachers. And as a teacher the students do not pay enough attention and do things you aren't allowed to do. As a teacher school is at first sight his or hers working place and for the students it's a place where they and their friends can meet and it's for sure that students (normally) do not count the teacher to their friends.
But why?
Is it because a teacher just comes to school, because it's just his working place. He teaches kids as the gardener just plants the the flowers? It's like talking to a robot who is just specialized to his subject. Who doesn't know more than the subject but also not less. Is it because the teachers do not understand how it is beeîng a teenager? 
As a teacher you get a class and you will have a distant, diplomatic and an only-schooled relationship with the class. And then you'll appear like a robot with no humanity and no feelings or understandment. But you will appear serious and also the students will actually take you serious and will have respect in that disciplined realtionship. But there is also another type of a teacher. The one who can symphasize with the students and who understands the difficulties of being a teenager, being a student, being young. And then you also might appear as a teacher who is too nice and the students will begin to have less respect. They may see the teacher more like a friend and that shouldn't be an idea in their minds. Because as soon as they think that and as soon as the teacher does let that happen, neither will be there seriousness and "respect" nor there will be concentrated working or the normal level of the student-teacher realtion. But it's important to emphasize and relate with the students and build a relation where it's not just about being the teacher, but neither about being a friend. So the utopian idea would be that teachers would find a balance between being the relating "friend- teacher" and the "robot-teacher". 
Personally i would prefer the more symphasizing teacher, than the robot teacher. Because normally those teacher come to school for teaching and really showing their expert-subject to the studetns. And not just the type of teacher who comes to school because it's his job and he has to teach and has to be in school and just tries to pull the teaching-plan. Teacher who really want that all of their students understand the things their talking about and where they can rely on in life, those are the "real" teachers. Teacher who want to teach you for your life and because of being in school because they are obligated to.