What I have to say first, is, that it heavily matters on the way and type of advertisement. As soon as a kid turns on the television, the are loads of different influences that flow into the childs subconciousness, without even knowing it.
There is a clear difference between toy advertisement of the newest LEGO or barbie product, and for example advertisement for guns and weapons. A difficult question to this statement appears: Can the children make out the difference between these two advertisements? From my point of view, a child cannot handle these influences, on one hand because it is too young to understand it anyway and on the other hand because it cannot even buy it. So, how should a kid which is only two to five years old react to its environmental demands?
The most difficult part of this statement, is that the children are getting influenced and they cannot understand it. If I was a child, how would I handle this? Would I just go to a shop after watching television, and buy the latest computer? I guess the answer to this sarcastic question is obvious. 
But then the question arises: Why do they then make this advertisement if they do not get new clients? Foe me it is clear, that the easiest way of going onto a childs mind is by influencing their subconciousness. When they see advertisement, even though they do not react to it, it clearly changes their way of thinking over a long period. 
Now, back to the question, should it be forbidden, to show children, aged two to five, advertisement?
I think it should not. There shall be programs which are only for children, where the advertisement is made for childrens eyes and ears. With that, a kid can stay a kid and is not forced to see things, which it can't handle.
It would be easier for sure, to just forbid all the advertisement directed to kids, but what if their parents watch television. They will sit next to them and also see it, So there is no perfect solution for this discussion, but stricter regulations can help to ensure the childs mind.
At the end I have to say, that when I was a child, I also watched television, and as long as you watch the children programs, there are no heavy advertisements. In my opinion, it is already handled quite well, so there is no need for a big change.