Advertising is a must nowadays. Everyone does it ,even the smallest shop, if they want to have costumers. On tv adults and teenager get annoyed when their favorite film is ruined by a tv comecial, but one agegroup does not get annoyed by it,kids. Kids are easy to be manipulated and thats exactly how many companies earn their money. Whenever a kids sees an add for a specific toy, they want it. Usually many of them cry and beg their parents to buy them, what they have seen . We one would analyse those tv avertisment , on could see how many steoreotypes are in those comercials. Kids from this generation grow up with the thought of being and buying the things, that girls or boys their age should be or buy. Televison advertising towards kids between the age of two to five are in my opinion both good and bad. On the one hand kids and parents can learn about new toys that come out. This is really helpful for the parents,when for example their kids birthday in soon and they don't know what to get them. Some of the new produced toys are cool and really handy. On the other hand kids get manipulated by the stereotypes. The companys often create comercial that would capture the kids heart. Girls get pink Barbies and boy get cars with a machine gun on top. The kids then start to want things that are usually for their own sex. Girls only want barbies and boys want cars, because of those comercials. They see those kid actors on the tv who should represent the typical gril or boys, with their typical toys. For example, my younger sister who is know 4, loves cars and also has some dols. In school some kids say that she is not acting like she should , as a girl because he likes cars. All those kis start to judge at a young age because after their show end the add starts, without them knowing. Parents also suffer from those advertisment, because they realize late that their kids were raised by stereotypes. 
To sum it all up, I think that television adversting should not be banned for kids (aged two to five), if the companies start to use adverstinsment without stereotypes. Girls and boys could play with car ,if only they would let them. That would help the world to stop stereotyping each other and me us more accepting. 