Nowadays, we know two kind of teachers. Every student would say that there's the one who is nice and kind, but has no idea about the stuff he is teaching and than there's the second one who knows every detail perfectly about his subject but his ability to communicate with the students and actually teach them is on a low level. In this essay I'm going to explain some pros and contras why is it more important to be polite and relite well with students than to have a perfect knowledge of the subject.
For the begin, it is important that the student feels comfortable during a lesson. This helps him to concentrate and he tries to understand what he is being taught about. The person who is responsible for this is mostly the teacher. If a teacher smiles and speakes with a kind tone, it's more likely that the students wants to listen to him and learn.
On the other hand, the prof is the person that has the most knowledge about that exact subject he is teaching. He went to the uni and studied this for many years to be able to become a teacher. It is important that he has a full wide range of knowledge about the task he tries to explain to the students. If the teacher had no idea about what is he talking about to the student, he might make some mistakes or explain wrong. This may lead to false results of the students and they will remember the stuff wrong for the rest of their carreer.
Next, not every single young adult understands the stuff taught the same way as the other students do. The teacher might have to explain it with some different words or take some time after the lesson when he can sit with the stundent face-to-face and try to explain him slowly what he wasn't able to grasp during the regular lesson. This ability is very important as the teacher is not just a job, it's a person who tries to make the future of the children better and brighter. If the student likes the teacher because he had time to sit with him and explain the stuff taught, than he will win for life.
To summarize, it's important to be a teacher who is a person that you can speak to if you have learning difficulties. This teacher should be able to take some time and talk to the student if he couldn't understand something during the lesson. Therefore, I argue with the statement as I think that I will remember my college for the kidness and ability to help and not for knowing every detail perfectly as taught.