We all remember talking badly about teachers again and again in our schoolcarrier. Some of the teachers actually did a really crab job, but others tried to do everything right but still we had things to criticise. However, the best teachers had an excellent knowldge of their knoweldge and didn't always needed to be the once who could relate to the studenst, becaus this knowledge on the taught subject is a teacher's most important ability.

It is to be said, that students usually like to attend the classes of the teachers, who can relate to them. There, they find themself in a better atmosphere, they feel understood and feel more entousiastic about beeing at school and participating during the lessons. Having a good realtionship to the teacher of a subject always helps beeing positive about the things disussed in class and a positive mindset about a subject helps undescribly.

But summarized, what a teacher needs to do is to teach the students so the they understand and can gain knowledge themself. A teacher, who doesnt have a perfect understanding on this same knoweldge can't possibly give that knowledge along. There is almost nothing more annoying than sitting in a room, listening to a teacher who you know doesn't understand the theme himself. On the other hand, if you've ever listend to someone patinated by his subject, you'll have felt his enthousiasm spreading around the room and getting everybods to listen and learn actively.

One could argue, that they don't get touched by this entousiam, because they don't feel understood by the teacher. Nevertheless, a teacher that understands his subject is more likely to be able to help a student and explain things better. That way, even if there might not be a perfect, or even collegial connection between teacher and student, the teacher helps the student more than one, who wants to be friends with his students.

At the end of our schoolcarrier, what actually counts is what we've learned. Even though it^s easier to learn in a good atmosphere, what's more important is to gain knowledge and to have someone who's able to teach you on that subject and to give you further informations for a better understanding of the whole.
