What defines a teacher's ability? Some may say it's his or her knowledge of their desired subject, the expiriences they have collected over the years of their life, the result of their education and their efforts in life. For those people, teachers improve by enhancing their knowledge, being open to new possibilities and staying updated on new discoveries of science. They should be constantly learning, reading books and letting their students profit from connections they hold with experts in the field. An excellent teacher should therefore possess excellent knowledge of his subject and be able to answer any question posed to him.
If this is the ideal definition of a teacher, then I'm afraid to tell you that aspiring to work as a teacher is a poor life choice for you. You can try to get as knowledgeable as possible and aim for top but you'll always be surpassed. Any amount f information you want to store in your brain will never be enough to compete with one thing; computers.
In our modern world, the value of knowledge is rapidly decreasing. Adolescents refuse to put effort into school because they know that they each possess a tool small enough to fit into a pocket, but exponentially more knowledgeable than the wisest of their teachers. This tool is called smartphone and it wields the biggest weapon in the history of sharing information, the internet. Any question can be asked and tousands of answers are found in a fraction of a second. The capacity for knowledge can be expanded almost indefinitely and computers never forget. They sort through millions of informations in with a speed that is unimaginable to humans.
If computers are so advanced compared to humans, why haven't teachers already been replaced by a block of code? The answer lies in another essential ability which every good teacher must possess. The ability for a teacher to relate to his students. This quality of social interaction is the one big problem hindering computers to overtake the job of a teacher and make them obsolote. Only if a teacher is respected by his students and understands their needs can they truly profit from learning.