Many times the same topic has been discussed over and over again. What is more important? A good relation to the children or the  excellent knowledge of the subject that the teachers teach? 

First of all, a good relation to students make it for them better and easier to learn. They are more willing to learn effectively. These two things are caused by the good environment, created by the teacher. A good relation to students has the benefits that they can communicate without any barriers, as in fear or other factors. The result is that they can come up with ideas and thoughts, which can be contributed to the lesson. 
According to the first argument, it is important to mention that the active participation of the students in the lesson can be taken for granted. The embarassment-free atmosphere in the classroom  allows students to participate properly and also in their best ways possible to make the lesson more attractive to themselves because they come up with topics they would like to discuss. This of course results in a quality education for every single student in the classroom. 
The one bad thing about it is that the relation between the teacher and the students can become too amical that students begin to take advantage of it. At some point of view the teacher won't be able to control the students. This also means that the teacher or the students are more likely to avoid any serious paricipation during the lesson. Which leads to a lower quality of education. 
To me, it is important that teacher own both qualities. Is is important that they can handle the students in a positive way. It schould not be the goal of a teacher to create a military atmosphere so that they have abolutely no space to breathe. This causes that students are not willing any more to learn a single word. On the other hand, the teacher can be very kind etc. but without a knowlegde about the subject they teach, the students won't learn anything also. The conclusion is that a good teacher should have both qualities and find the balance between them. 