Television advertising directed toward young children
Television manipulation is known as long as the television itself. People are tricked with commercials and advertising, because this is the easiest way to get them buying or making something. Everybody can be manipulated, but as humans grow up, they can think difrently and ask themself whether it is right or not. Children at the age of five can not decide such things. I agree whith the satement, but this is caused by a complete different reason.

First of all, we have to decide, wether advertising towards two to five year olds makes sense at all. Their brains are on the developing state of any other aduld animal such as a cat or a mouse. These animals can be manipulated very well. This is also showed in several tests, where the hunger and the instinct of surviving is used to force the test object to do anything. The difference between humans and other animals is, that humans can reflect themselfs and ask who we are. The earliest hildhood memories date around the age of three. This means, young children are not more than any other animal, not reflecting its own actions. As we look at these things from this point of view, advertising towards these little children is not only useless in many cases but also unfair.

On the other hand side I ask myself: Why are children in front of a television in the first place? Whst is the meaning of childhood, the meaning of life when it is wasted in front of a television? Humans do not think in the logic way they are teached to think. Ten years additional to the life of a 30 years old is just a quarter of the whole life. For a ten year old the life span is doubbeled. S time seems to strech as we get older what is, in fact, the case, because with every second you get a smaller piece of the time you already got. As we go further we see that a pretty short span in front of a television is a huge amount of time for younger people. Childhood is one of the most important times in the life of a human being. It can be used better than just in front of a televison. Its not bad to watch a movie sometimes with the parents. But in this case there is no advertising and the discussion is wothless.

To summerise, I can say that I am against advertising towards young children.