In the last few years, there has been more and more advertisment on television for children, younger than the age of five. Critcs say, this shouldn't be allowed.

Children are easily influenced, therefore adds might have an even bigger effect on them than they have on adults. If they see something that looks cool on television, they will probably desire it which could, cause stress for their parents, since they might not be able to afford it or just simply don't want to spoil their kids.

On the other hand, selling things is always good for the economy and adds like this, will increase sellings of toys, since a lot of parents have trouble saying no to their children. Strengthening the economy might be advantagous to all people, since it could increase the general living standars and might even lead to a reduction of taxes.

Furthermore, television adds might even make things easier for parents around christmas time, since their children will be able to pinpoint exactly what they want. However, I believe, it's rather unusual for a child to have trouble finding a wish, so that might be unnecessary.

Adds on television might promote things which do not fit in the parents' moral priniciple. For example, there could be an advertisment for toy guns. The parents might be against violence and could be shocked if their child suddenly exclaims a wish for a toy gun. It might be harder to be firm in one's principle if the television influents the childrens' mind strongly.

Personally, I think, advertising directed to this age group shouldn't need to be prohibited, it just shouldn't bring any profit. Parents should not allow their children to watch TV in such a young age. They could let them watch a movie once in a while but only if the parents themselves are present for it. There are so many ways to occupy a little kid, ways that actually help the development of the brain and their ability to form relationships, while watching TV could potentially cause damage to their psychological development.
If parents would just not let their children watch TV, adds for the younger audience would seize to exist, since noone would profit from them anymore. I firmly believe, this would be the best solution for all parties.