I feel like these days young children are often confronted with content, that still is age appropriate, but far more evolved than what other generations witnessed in television. I feel like that might shape you and your childhood in different ways, but without necessarily damaging the character or having a negative impact. Back then, children grew up with old-school toys, whereas nowadays children with the same age are growing up with the newest versions of iPhone and Samsung, something that I had no knowledge about and at that time simply didn't interest me, maybe because at that time smart phones weren't really a thing, but still. Television advertising that are directed toward young children aged two to five often are just ads promoting the next big innovation when it comes to being on the playground. Or maybe they'll see advertising of a small boy drinking some kind of special milk and suddenly becoming really strong. Whatever it is, these ads, especially in this young age, often are forgotten. In the moment, they could intrigue the children, but in the long run, they will not be haunted by it. 
A lot of our generation of teenagers grew up watching, in my opinion, a lot of television and it didn't have an influence on us. We're just an example of many obviously. But one thing that seems like a key point to me is, that whatever they see at this young age, they don't take it in. They don't overanalyze or think about the message, because they're children. Maybe I'm wrong, because I don't have the knowledge or the proper evidence to support my theory. I can only talk from my experience. When you see advertising, there never is a deeper meaning to it, we're not talking about propaganda, but advertising used in channels directed toward infants. They build on their desires, maybe, trying to get them to convice their parents to buy the heavily promoted product. In the end, it's all about business. But it doesn't show you the weight of the world or societal problems, and even if the would, first it's the job of the parents to protect their children from such advertising and second they wouldn't understand a thing. And I'm talking about regular, smart children without worries. Children that grew up under harder circumstances could be influenced more. 