Advertising toward young children is a good life lesson for everyone

Advertising is an often discussed problem especially when it comes to advertisement for children. While some people are certain that advertising toward young children should not be allowed as parents will hear their children say they want this teddy bear right now advertisement for children does have its positive points: a higher income of the advertising agency, a great example for parents to show their children how to handle money and a lesson to teach a child to resist.

First of all, the advertising agency does have a higher income because most children want to own everything they see especially in television. In addition, parents are often not able to say "no" and eventually buy the certain product. As a result the child reaches a temporary happiness which makes every parent happy too. When it comes to the income of an agency, they will gain the most money with advertising directed toward young children not only because there is a higher possibility that parents will buy it but also because children will go to there friends to show off with their new product. As a consequent, these friends will want it as well and the advertisement spreads out - the income increases.

Additionally, advertisement for children is a good example for parents to show their children that it is not possible to buy whatever they want. But that it needs to be able to handle money. For instance parents can teach children that one teddy bear is too expensive, while the other one is affordable and as a result okay to buy.

Lastly, children need to learn to resist. They cannot have everything they want. After having six teddy bears in their bed it is just enough even if that teddy bear in the adverisiment is the cutest. Advertisiment teaches exactly this resistement of products which seem to be so extraordinarily beautiful and perfect. Children need this life lesson to grow as a human.

Television advertising directed toward young children is efficient for the advertising agency, teaches parents to be the boss and children to resist. Consequently it does have a positive impact and if parents cannot handle television advertising then how bad is this last part of the payment in a shop with all that chocolate and sweets? 