In my essay, i answer the question if the teachers ability to relate well with studentsit is more important than the teachers knowledge of the subject.

Against this statement is the point, that if the teacher dont know his subject, how can he teach? He cant explain it to the students. Even his ability to relate well with students is very good, he cant use this ability, because he dont know what he have to explain.
Also a point against it is, that if he has not the knowledge of the subject, the students have not too. it can be that he is like a friend, he tells jokes and is funny but at the matura you failed because you dont know the subject. 
An argumetn for this statement ist, that the climat in the class rom is very good. You dont have to be scared of the teacher orthe teachers lesson, because the teacher is realy kind and nice and you do not have to be afraid that he blames you or other stuff. A secon point is that litteraly everyone in the class will get the stuff, because the teacher explians it realy good, and if someone didnt get it, he will explain it one more time. He not just say: "please get it." he try to explain it on an other way. His highest goal is, that everyone in the class get it and not just to finish the lesson and go home. he also wants that you make good notes. He dont want you to be bad in an exam.

In my point of view, the statement is true. Even he or she has the knowledge of the subject being taught, all this knowledge brings nothing when he can not explain it. i have some teachers which are professors and they realy have the knowledge, but as a person, they are not nice and kind. They dont try it to explain to us. We have a teacher which just nock on the blackbord and say: " Please understand this." I think this is not the right way, because we are here to leran something and te teachers get payed that we get it. It is their Job that we get it and that we make good markes in tests. So i think ist is realy important that a teacher has the ability to relate well with students.
