Advertising which is directed toward young children is a norm in our television programms, but even though some may think that this shouln't be a source for worrying it can have a few problems. The clips we are talking about are usually advertisings about toys or fun activities for children. It may be true that at first you can think that these are harmless, but there may be another side to these adverstisings which are harmful for the devolepment of the young children. Supporters of these advertisings should comprehend that in our society everything we see, and we see a lot thanks to the internet and therefore our fast access to information, remains in our memory and changes our thoughts, especially with young children. 

First it is important to point out that children are the most impressionable demographic there is. It should not be allowed to gain profit of young impressionable minds that still need to be formed. The companies are aware of this and exploit the fact that young children are more gullable than adults and also their mood swings. Children that young don't have a long attention span, so what they want in this second may change in a moment. With smart advertisings which are short, poignant and often very colorful they can win the child very easily.

Secondly it supports the spoiling of a child. If the child in question sees and advertising about a certain toy and then comes running begging her or his parents to buy him that toy than a lot of parents give in to have at a least a moment of rest. Of course this is the parents decision wether or not they give in to the nagging, but because the children are objected to all these advertisings it encourages them to not be happy with what they already have. Psychologically it makes them want something they don't have and when they have it another advertising comes around and they want that to.

We should be very careful about what we subject our children to and we should be aware that we live in a very wasteful society which supports our need to consume something and then hop on the next thing. The longer we wait for the children to be exposed to this, the better it will be for the child and maybe we can raise the next generation to be more content with what they have and to be more humble. 