There is a big discussion going on about whether or not to ban television advertising directed towards young children. As more and more young children watch television more companies are interested in showing advertisings on the respecting channels. Now I'll state some arguments for both sides.

Many parents state, that their kids are to young and to easy influenced. It is well known, that younger children are generally more easily influenced. Therefore it is only logical that people want these advertisings to be banned. Parents want these advertisings banned, so that their kids don't get influenced by them.

Another point is, that when young children like something, they want it. If they now get flooded with tons of ads on tv they probably want multiple of the things advertised. As they don't have money, their parent's would have to pay, making it rather expensive. Because the parents have to pay for the things the chidlren want, it could get very expensive.

The third point is the fact, that generally speaking less ads lead to more enjoyment. Nobody really likes ads. The same also goes for small children. Allready are the channels flooded with tons of ads. So to make watching tv more enjoyable for them, ads directed to them should be banned.

However there aren't only positive things about a ban. Small children shouldn't be watching tv in the first place. More and more parents let their kids watch way to much tv. If the children wouldn't watch it, ads would be obsolete and there wouldn't be a need for a ban.

Another thing to keep in mind is, that most of these children don't understand what they are watching. If they now see an and, it doesn't mean, that they understood the message. So again, a ban would be obsolete.

Now the third and most important point. These ads are vital for the channels. If channels with shows directed towards young chidlren wouldn't be able to have ads anymore. Their revenue would decrease very strongly. So to keep these channels alive, it is necessary to have ads, also the ones directed to young chidlren, their main audience.

After looking at the points stated above, it seems, that the channels themselves should decide whether or not they want these sort of ads. A ban would just lead to problems for the companies hosting the channels and would be to big of a change for many companies. Television advertising directed towards yong children shouldn't be banned.

