Teachers are important figures in our society. They give us ideas and inspire us to do good things. But is it more important to have a good relationship with your students than to know more about the subject itself?

I believe a teacher's knowledge about their subject is very important. Only if you are confident about what you teach, you can go into depth on the topic. This is important, because your confidence will be transmitted to your students who will feel more secure about what they are learning. A teacher who is insecure in his field will not give other people the feeling that his subject is important. 

When a teacher can relate to his students they will automatically feel more comfortable in their classroom. The learning environment will be good and the students will feel less insecure. A teacher who relates to his students can motivate them more to study for that particular subject and can increase their interest. 
A student who feels confident and safe in their environment is more open to speak up and isn't afraid of making mistakes, because they know their teacher will help them without making them feel bad. I strongly believe that students who like their teacher are more interested in that subject and will pay more attention during class. Due to this they will be more sufficient in studying and might even have less work to do at home. 

I share the same opinion as given in the quote. I think that a teacher's ability to relate is more important than excellent knowledge. They guide their students more and make it interesting for them. That teacher will also have a bigger impact on the student's lives than someone who only cares for their subject. 
I believe a teacher's job isn't to know as much as possible in their field, but to guide their students and make them want to learn more. 
In the end a teacher who knows a lot but doesn't relate to his students might make a subject dull and boring for them, where as a teacher who has a good relationship with his apprentices might even light a spark in them and give them ideas on what they might aspire to become later on in life. 
After all, we do remember the teachers we liked and cared for best, don't we?  
