While many people around the world might be arguing about uneducated teachers in schools, there might as well be many teachers in costly schools who don't seem to be treating their students properly, despite their knowledge they had acquired to become one of the most important members of our society today. 

It is often said that teachers with low graduation scores are usually sent to lower-level schools, where they would be paid less than higher-ranking teachers due to their performance. These lower-level schools are often in lower-level regions in society; that being the poorer neighbourhoods of a country. The children in those schools therefore get worse education. If they wanted better education, they'd need to have more money; which is part of what makes capitalism today a bit problematic. So, if a teacher has to move to a poor neighbourhood to find a job that does not pay well and does not exceed her threshold for happiness, why would she have the incentive to be a good teacher in the first place? She might therefore be less-educated and have no fun in teaching children who want their future to be full of their own fun. This is an inherent vice that could hold back very talented children from becoming everything they could in life; children who could change the world.

Now, just because some parents pay a lot of money to put their children in private or elite public schools does not mean their children will see joy in learning from all those very complicated and expensive books they receive. Teachers with high graduation scores might feel better about themselves and feel very professional; and many students today are disregarded as "young and lazy", which doesn't enhance the effort of the teacher or the pupil at all. It is essential for those teachers to be smart, because that is what their high salary demands, but at schools with such high expentancies for students, teachers - no matter what their monthly income - must make sure those students don't struggle at motivating themselves to learn and move forward. 

This is especially important in lower-level schools, where there isn't sufficient money invested to raise their own standards. Those children must get motivation from their teachers to keep trying and to break free from their financial struggles and go to university. If they don't we might not ever fix the problem of poverty all around the world, and the flaws of capitalism as a whole might swallow all efforts for success, unless those efforts promise heavy investment into the economy. A utopian teacher, in my opinion, must be well-educated but must also really want to be a teacher, no matter where. Of course, every teacher has their own right to strive for a great salary to provide for their family, but essentially teachers are heroes who would give up their last cent if it helped another kid.  If a teacher wants to relate well with students, the teacher needs to know what he/she is talking about, and how to convey his/her knowledge to any students, from anywhere. It is therefore, I think, a combination of both these elements that fulfill the definition of a teacher. Until capitalism solves all poverty, teachers are under pressure to put the lives of children prior to that of their own. 