There are teacher holding their classes in one simple way: Standing in front of the calss and telling them everyting they know about a subject. A very classic way of teaching and of course the teacher explains things to the students if there are some questiones. The knowledge of the teacher stands right in focus of all these classes. But what about the way of teaching it? What about the relations between student and teacher? How important is it for a teacher to relate well with his students and is it even more important than the perfect knowledge to the subject?


Students learn better if they are comfortable with their environment. Some are more sensible to that fact than others but a huge majority needs to feel comfortable with their climate to do good in school. I believe that students who can relate well with their teachers write better grades than those who don`t. If the teacher can relate well to his students they will listen more caraefully to him while he is speaking. The interest of the subject will grow more because they are more interested of his classes and because they feel comfortable sitting in their classes and listening to a new topic while their knowledge grows. Of course it depends on how the lessons are structered and if the teacher decides to share his knowledge. Every teacher has a knowledge of the subject being taught otherwise they would`t be teachers. But some maybe know a little more than others which isn`t necaissary to teach your students what their school tells them to teach. Some extra knowledge can be interessting for the students if they have some futher questions on a topic but as I said it is not needed to be a good teacher. If the teacher relates well with the students they will have faith in him that he is teaching them everything needed for their next stage in life. 

According to my opinion is a teacher`s ability to relate to students well much more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. The teacher with the ability to relate well can always study and learn more about the topic being taught until he also has an excellent knowledge of it. But for the teacher with the excellent knowledge it is going to be very hard to learn how to cope with teenagers if he couldn`t do so before. The ability how to handle students in their teens also slightly has something to do with your own personality and that certainly isn`t something you can learn.