If you want to be a teacher you have to know nearly everything in your subject. Without the knowledge you can not be a good teacher. But is this everything you should have to be a teacher?
Of course you should know much about your subject because if a student does not understand something you have to be able to explain it in another way so he can get it. You can not just explain something and expect everyone to understand it at the first time. There will be students who will not get it but if you know how to explain it in another way you can be a very good teacher. But to be able for this you have to have a good knowledge in your subject. A good example is our physics teacher because he explains something in different ways and with gestics so everyone should understand it. He often asks if somebody does not get it and he will explain it to you again till you understand it. It does not matter if you have a good relationship with him or not.
But there are people who say that the ability to relate well with students is much more important than your knowledge. If you and your teacher get on well with each other you will like to go to school and then the students often want to learn more. They trust their teacher and with this they will understand it more. A good relationship is the key for successfull learning! The best example herefore is my history teacher. A long time ago I did not like the history subject. Since I have a new teacher history became one of my favourite subjects in school. Our teacher gets on very well with us so I like to be in this lesson and I automatically learn more for history. My grades went up too since we have this teacher.
So basically my opinion is that both knowledge and relate well with the students are very important but I think the ability to relate well is a little bit more important because I made experiences by myself. If you are the best teacher but a student does not want to listen to you he will not learn something new. But if he likes you as a teacher he will listen carefully and will learn more. You can not learn this ability but you can wide your knowledge.