Advertising - baiting the helpless?

Advertising is literally everywhere. You stumble upon it in the market, you notice a slogan at the side of the road while driving and you red about "the best cleaner ever invented" in your morning papers. While you probably just ignore it the way I do, not caring about what others think is best for you, is everbody able to do just that? Is a small child, maybe even your own lovley child, able to resist such a strong opinion and thus able to decide on its own? How could it resist a superhero telling it that Actimel will make it strong and ready for the day? I mean, its a superhero, right? That aside, is it really okay, even legal, to directly aim advertising at young children?

Latley I`ve read an infuriating article in the newspaper. It was about a tobacco companie designing chewinggum cigarettes to look like their real product. The direct aim was to influence children to a point where they would subconciously grab exactly those real cigarettes at a later age. While they might not start smoking because of this, it still made me question our society. Targeting and influencing small children sneakily, trying to make profit off them. I would love to find someone who has a positive sight on this one, just so I could argue with said person, but since that has not yet been the case I will just let this stand the way it is.

Onto my second point, television advertising. To be clear, I have never owned a television. My Mom said no and that`s that. However, even I didnt miss out on TV advertisements, since i was just watching TV over at a friends house, convincing my mother that i was going to be having fun with said friend at the playing ground. Myself aside, advertising is, as stated, everywhere. Introducing and marketing products is a fine thing to do and that is exactly why everybody does it. My own mother always knew which was best, she had read all about it in a "saldo" article already. Other mothers will most likley go by their childrens wishes, disregarding price and how healthy it is. To come to a point, if you got the child in your bag, you probably got the mother and the money aswell. While I find it questionable to directly target small children in a TV advertisement, it certainly isnt illegal. Point is, "advertising" doesn`t stop there. If your best friend is drinking a diet coke, you most likley want to atleast try one aswell. 

That said, I personally think that there are a few lines that shouldnt be crossed, certainly not for profit. While small children are most certainly more "vulnerable" to being influenced, they (or their mothers) are the ones to decide what to buy in the end. After all, you still have to like it. (And i hate you, diet coke, as healthy as you are advertised to be.) To conclude, as far as my opinion goes, keep spamming your advertisements but please, please keep it on a realistic level and stop making me hopes. I`m still drinking Actimel but no, I havn`t become a superhero yet.