The fallowing statement is a true thing in my eyes. I agree with it. I think that there is already to much advertising on television. If you want to watch a film, you spent like two thirds of the time watching some advertising and this really annoys me extremely. 
Also it is a very bad thing, because advertising forces you to buy things you maybe never wanted to have. Everything is showed in a unbelievable fascinating way, witch isn't the truth in realitiy, for example a hair product. It really attracts women to buy stuff to color their hair, because it looks so wonderful in the advertising, but in realitiy the stuff sometimes looks like straw. 
And thats exactly what is does to the children, because in advertising for children there are only things, that every child wants to have if it sees it in televison or if a friend has it. And with advertising, these things are totally force kids to want them. The diference between adults and kids is, that adults most time can make the difference if something is really good and if they need it or not. A child most time can't know this. It sees it with its child eyes, and it wants everything witch looks good, funny or cute. Advertising is also played by children. It shows kids that are playing with the new playmobile or with a cool lazer pistols for boys. And if kids see these other kids smiling while playing with the things, it automatically shows the kids that tis must be fun. In my opinion the kids are manipulated by advertising in a very bad way. It also shows to the child that it is needed to have cool things to e cool and to have fun. And most times it starts if some child of a schoolclass has a cool thing, because everyone wants it too. In case, it is also negativ for the parents because they have kids that are killing their nerves, because they want something so badly. And you can't explain them why they can't buy everything. 
It's just a very bad way to force kids having stuff they don't have. And it's a sad story that adult people do this just to making money. 