If the teacher's a very sympathic person, that is very kind to the students, then everything goes easier. The students aren't agruing when they make a failure. The children are more motivated and learn with courage. So imagine you come in the classsroom an the teacher's already making jokes, then you're happy and you begin the lesson with a more positive mind. It's important to have a good relation with the professor. Mostly the children then have more respect to them and aren't always arguing about the grades. But for example if the teacher's very kind and you really like him it would be be bad if he can't answer to your questions. I mean a professor is here to explain and bring you to understand. If he can't do that it's really hard vor a student. Then it can happen that you aren't motivated anymore. Also when he gives you false informations or he's unsure about a topic then its's difficult to be convinced about the things you learn in school. 
So a professor with an excellent knowledge can be really motivating. Because he makes the lesson really interesting. Perhaps you learn more than you should and you begin to be excited about this topic. I mean if you're already a fan of a course then you can learn more. And if the teacher can connect complicated topics with daily happening then also the less good student's get it. The problem is then, if the professor is antipathic and begin a lesson with a bad face the students aren't encouraged to learn more. I thing it also depends from the children, if they are already motivated and interested then it's easier for a teacher. And if he knows a lot then the students are also motivated, even if he's antipathic. 
I think it's really important to have both. As a teacher you have to know a lot and be sure about that you explain your students. But you also have to be kind and encourage all the children, even if they don't like the course they're sitting in. A teacher is somebody very important, he can damage you're motivation or motivate you to more.