School has the purpose to educate students. But many students don't care about certain subjects and don't even like going to school. If this problem would be solved, schools would reach a higher education level. One way to approach this aim is that teachers should improve their relation to the students. I would even say that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

A teacher who relates well with students is far more excepted. Students who like their teachers tend to like also the subject. The reason for this might be that they are more concentrated in course. They listen to a teacher, if they like him. Maybe the whole class laughs because of the teacher being funny. This leads to students having fun, and humans better remember something, if they connect it with an emotion. Students get automatically better in the subject and so start to like it. 

If students don't like the teacher, his knowledge is useless because students don't listen. They are annoyed of teacher and subject and this leads to exactly the problem I mentionned in my introduction: Students who don't like going to school also aren't willing to learn much. 

Of course you could say, a teacher has to have excellent knowledge of his subject because otherwise, he can't answer questions properly or he even gives false information. But this isn't such a big problem it seems to be at the first sight. As long as the teacher is able to motivate his students for his subject, they will be interested in it and stark thinking themselves. When they discuss questions with each other, probably one will come up with the answer and if not, they may start to take a research themselves. 

So the bigger problem in school is, that students aren't interested and motivated to go to school, not that their teachers don't know enough about their subject. Knowledge is useless if it doesn't "reach" the students. Education level will raise if they become more motivated, and this is only possible when they have a good relation to their teachers.