Today, there are many different types of advertisements. There are advertisements which are directed to men, women, teenager, housewifes, sportsmen and children. Is it right to advertise products directed towards to people who cannot effort  this product by their own like teenager or even children?

Firstly, the advertisement has to present a product which is directed to a certain group, This means you have to make an advertisement towards children because they are consumers and users of this product and not the parents. So they have to get excited about this product and again not the parents. 

Secondly, the parents buy the products for their children which means that they know the best which product is good and useful for their child. Children see a lot in the TV's and they want everything what they see and like. but this does not mean that everything which they see and like are also good for them. The problem here is that they cannot distinguish between what is good for them and what is useless. 

Thirdly, A company can only sell its products when the consumers like and find the products attractive. Parents anyway will not find the products for instance a toy attractive. While children are looking at the design,colours and the ability of the toy the parents look only at the price and if their child can lern something from it. But learning and the price of a toy or any other product for children are not the only factors. Children need also toys with which they can just play and for this they have to see them in the TVs in order to decide which one they want. 

Forthly, advertisements on the TVs towards children can and do also lead to family problems. The raison for that is that children see a product and they want it but the parents do not agree with their child. So they have to explain their child that they will not buy this product for it which makes the child sad, angry and disappointed towards his parents. This happens every single time when this child sees a product and wants it. In the end, it gets the feeling of not to be important enough for his parents which can lead to huge misunderstandings and problems of trust to his parents.

In the conclusion, there are good and bad sides of advertising directed towards children. In my opinion, children have a right to see also product which they like and they can identify with it. It would be very boring for them to see only advertisements directed to adults. They also learn not get everything which they want what is also good. 