Did you ever buy something eventough you didn't need it and then realized you saw a television advertising of it the other day? Most of the time we don't even realized how big of an impact this have on us. Now, imaging how kids without the ability to disting between reality and fiction react to television advertising.
Television advertising directed toward young children should be forbidden. This essay will show the impact of advertising for children, the influence that publicity have on parenting and the leck of protection of the children while watching TV.
Advertising has an impact on our minds. Especially kids don't know how to handle it. While they are watching TV their shows will be interrupted by many advertisments. Some are for kids, others are for their parents. These children will soon get an idea of what is popular and what they have to have. Let's take a remotecontroled car for an exemple. Boys and girls watching the advertisment would like to have this car. Often the short clip shows some cool guys playing with it, saying every cool boy needs to have this remotecontrolled car. The children will develop the feeling that they need to have this car, otherwise they are left out. Our society works like that. It is ridicoulus if it starts in an early age. Children should be protected form trends to follow as long as possible.

Other than an impact on kids, advertising directed toward kids also influencecs their parents. Going to the store with kids isn't easy. Going to the store with kids that really want something is even harder. They will have a hard time explaning that things are expensive, that the children have to wait for their birthday or christmas to get a new toy. Televiosn advertising directed toward young children do have a big influence on parenting. Television will lead the kids in other direction than the parents would like. Children wachting a advertisment will get values from the company that the parents might not agree with.

Furthermore, television advertising on a kids channel is not for kids only. It can be that an advertisment for an powershake is showed between an episode of Spongebob and Pipi Longstocking. This is not directed toward young children, but toward their parents watching with them. This is might seem like a harmless exemple, but there can be more dirsturbing advertising. Children watching TV in general are not protected at all. The shows they watch might be for kids, but the advertising breaks in between are not only for kids. Parents let their kids watch a kidschannel, thinking they are allright, not knowing what happens when their episode is finished. 

In conlusion, television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed to protect the children.
They don't know how to handle it, parenting get's to a harder level and parents do not have absoulte control on what their kids are watching. 
There should not be any advertising on a kids TV channel or in between to movies for kids. They will soon enough get influence by advertising, but they should not grow up with it.
