I neither agree nor disagree. There are some facts which make this sentense true and some which don't.
Especially young children are fascinated by the television. When the television is on then all children are looking at it because something is moving. In the following essay I will have a look why children depend on television, why it is worse when children are looking to the television all the time and how they change because of it.

For children it is very important to learn new things all the time. Television isn't just useless. Children can learn from it a lot. There are some series for children which are quite well. They can learn about nature and how life works. Televison is for children quite important because like this they can learn something in a different way.

Although, children can learn from television to much is not that good. It is important that children don't just learn by the television. The parents have to go out with them and show them the nature and how they have to behave. Children learn the best when they can copy their parents. Like this they can observe how life works. They know how they have to behave with other people and how to get friends. On television they often see wrong behaviors and the thing is that they can not make friends on television. They have to go out and learn by themselves.

To this not watching too much, it exists many films where people are killing each other. If children are looking to this kind of film they can end up really badly. The children know that they can learn a lot from television and when they are watching to a crime or something like this the children think that how these peaple act and react is right. Then maybe they want to be like these people and they don't know that killing people is wrong.

I think television is a good thing for children but not everything on television. They can learn good things from children series. For parents it's important to find the middle way. Too much television is bad but a little is quite important. 
