What is more important?

I do not agree with this statement because I think a teacher should understand what he teaches. We go to school because we want to learn something. The teacher should learn us a language or may he should teach us the american history but I do not think that we are in school for becoming friends with a teacher. Some of us want to go to university. They have to graduate and they should know many things. They do not need to have any fun with a teacher in school for graduation. 
We have many different teachers it is not even possible to have a relation to every teacher. Sometimes they can not even remember our names. We had a maths teacher and we all thought that he was a very terrible maths teacher. Nobody understood what he wanted to tell us with the numbers he wrote on the blackboard. We startet to dislike him because we were scared that we would not graduate... We wanted to learn something because we want to do something with our lifes. We do not have to do this gymnasiumn but we decided to do this school because we want to have a special job or maybe because some of us want to study etc.. We expect that the teachers here can show us some things that we will need in our lifes. But if they can not do this we will be disappointed and we will start to wonder why we are here. I think if both sides are happy with the results from the other side they can live with each other and they can accept and respect each other. We as students expect that the teacher can teach us his knowledge but before he can teach something he has to understand it. The teacher's knowledge is very important for me. If teacher understands what he is going to teach we will understand it too. We will learn very much and we will write good test and recieve good marks. And in the end both sides are happy because they get what they expect.
But I do not want to say that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is not important. I just think that their knowledge and their ability to teach us something is far more important. 