Television advertising directed toward young children is a controversial issue. 
On one hand marketing should not be strictly controlled and should allow creativity. Restricting adverts aimed at young children therefore is a tough issue for the marketing industry. 
The people who believe that this kind of advertising should be forbidden is that children are easily influenced and they don't pay the product themselves. Since the parents are in charge of what they buy for their child, the child shouldn't be aimed at directly. For example toys being advertised where a hotwheelscar is flying and jumping through a burning ring is clearly not realistic for a grown-up, but young children aren't aware of that and therefore have totally wrong expectations of what the toy will be like. 
But who should the advertisement be aimed at if not at the consumer directly? 
It is indeed difficult to advertise toys to adults because they don't use them themselves. That's why aiming directly at the young children is the preferred way of advertising at the moment. 
There is also a logistic problem to the issue: Who decides wheter or not an advertisement is directed toward young children? Drawing a line would indeed be very difficult so that a prohibition would have to lead to somewhat arbitrary decisionmaking. In the end noone can clearly say if an advertisment is directed at a four or a six year old. 

In my opinion advertising should not be directed toward young children since I believe (as stated before) that children aren't aware of what is realistic and what isn't. Children therefore get their hopes up and trick their parents into buying something they don't actually want. 

I also believe,that the counterargument that that a restriction limits the creativity of marketing companies is quite weak because they should be creative enough to come up with alternatives.
Although I strongly agree that it should not be allowed to direct television advertising toward two to five year olds I am aware of the fact that drawing a line would be almost impossible. 