Some parents think that teachers are just at school to give as much knowledge as possible to their children. They do not really care if teachers can relate well with the students or not. The question is: Is it more important that teachers can relate well with their students or is it more important that teachers have excellent knowledge of the subject they teach?

If a teacher can not relate well with the students, the children do not feel comfortable at school. If children do not feel comfortable, they do not enjoy going to school and they really do not listen to what the teacher says. In primary school I had a teacher who could not relate with us. I did not learn anything this time. These hours with this teacher were the worst hours of the week. We did not pay attention to what he said because we did not feel comfortable. Knowledge really is important. But if the teacher can not relate with the students, he is not able to give the knowledge to his students. You have so many subjects at school through all these years and it is impossible to keep all the knowledge you got. It is sad if a teacher just wants to learn you as much as possible about his subject and when you look back to your schooltime and you realise that you did not enjoy the classes at all because the teacher could not comunicate with you, you ask yourself why you went to school. You did not enjoy the time with your teacher and you have already forgotten nearly everything you have learned once. Teachers really are important people for students and children. Especially for smaller kids like in the first class. The children want to act like the teacher, they can learn social skills from the teacher. If the teacher can not relate with them, they won't learn how to realte with other people in their future lives.


I totally agree with the following statement. I hate it if teacheres can not relate with students. The knowledge really is important but I think knowing everything about the subject is not worth it if you did not have a good time in class. I think you can not have a good time in class if your teacher is not able to comunicate and relate well with you. When I look back at the last few years of school, I do not remember all the stuff I learned. I remember the people who went to school with me and of course I think about my teachers. I am happy about thinking about my favourite teacher of primary school. She could really relate well with us and I enjoyed going to school. 