Is the relation between teachers and students more important than the actual knowledge of subject which is taught? How much can a good relationship improve the learning climate, if the knowledge is not excellent? The following essay will show both sides of the medal.

Of course, the knowledge of the subject is important, because the teacher needs to know something about his/her subject in order to be able to teach the students something. How should you improve your maths skills, if the teacher only has knowledge in geography or maybe speaks fluently French? Without the knowledge, it is not possible to learn something new. The teacher also always needs more knowledge about a topic than the students are supposed to learn to be able to answer possible questions.

On the other side, the best knowledge is not useful if the teachers does not get along with his/her students. If the students hate their teacher or have some personal problems with him/her, they will not pay attention in his lessons and their skills will not improve at all. But if they have a good relationship and the students feel comfortable in the lessons, the atmosphere is much better. In that case, the students will learn a lot, also if the teachers knowledge is not excellent. Teachers with an excellent knowledge but without any "teaching" skills or ability to relate well with their students are not necessarily the worse teachers, but they are more likely to be it.

In my opinion, a good relationship between a teacher and his/her students is much more important than excellent knowledge. I prefer classes in which I have a good relationship with my teacher, even though his/her knowledge might be only "good" and not "excellent". But if the atmosphere is already heated, I would not pay as much attention to the lessons as if I get good along with my teacher. I experienced myself that I learned much more in classes in which I had a good relationship to the teacher. Of course, the teacher needs a certain level of knowledge and it needs to be a good mixture between boths abilities, but all in all, the ability to relate well is more important than the excellent knowledge.