Advertising in television has become more common over the past years, especially toward young children. Children, just like adults, are prone to believe the advertisements and can be heavily influenced by them. Advertisiting induces our western cosumerism into these little minds, securing the market for the future. 
Does it make sense to ban television advertising?

Little children shouldn't be exposed to excessive advertising, they shouldn't even be exposed to any type of media, including the television itself. The question is, whether or not the parents should control what their toddlers are watching, to protect them from advertising and from excessive media consumption. In the end, it is the parents job to control what their kid gets to see and what is hidden. The law cannot interfere too much with something that should be each parents own choice.

Children should learn from a young age, that real life is more valuable than spending time staring at little electronic gadgets, they should be taught that we must be free form the media, free to buy the things we really want, and to not let the media brainwash us. Onlythen can a child become a good inhabitant of this planet, respecting the environment and overcoming the egoistic nature of the human being.

However, if television advertising were banned for young children, parents would have a much easier time raising thir offspring. No more crying over barbie dolls or lego castles, the children wouldn't even know these things, they wouldn't have marterialistic wishes. The companies would even save a lot of money, and if they really wanted to, they could target the children in other places, they could donate some toys to kindergardens, and targeting the children in other ways.

In conclusion, I believe that excessive media and advertisement consumption is harmful, not just for young children, but also for adults. However, I can understand that some parents enjoy some time off their parental duties when their child is watching tv. After all, not all tv shows are bad, some of them even have an educational or social purpose. I don't think that it is right for the government and the law to interfere in things that are clearly every parents own choice.