Do students need to like their teacher in order to be able to enjoy the class they are being taught? I do think so. In my opinion it is a major factor affecting the students' performance and perception of the subject. The main reason for this is the fact that the teacher is not only dictating information to the children, but making them explore the range of topics and the relation between theories and practical learning for themselves (to a certain extent of course).

For example, a competent math teacher who's only instructing the class as to how to use formulas will never get class averages or medians of the same height as one who gets the "vibe" of mathematics, meaning the understanding of why one is spending time with abstract concepts such as quadratic formulas or calculus, who will inevitably encourage the majority of his class to talk about the lessons after school and discuss the matter, because the students will want to explore the things hidden behind the formulas, how you get to them, and how they are being applied in real life, eventually leading them to train a more general understanding of the subject and a faster way of logical thinking, resulting in better marks.

Another example is phys-ed class (physical education/sports). If a teacher is able to have a more collegial relationship with his/her students instead of exercising an authoric, monarch-like teaching regime, the adolescents and kids are more likely to enjoy doing sports, and because of that they will show greater effort in class, making the teaching itself much easier and thus resulting in higher efficiency and a bigger "fun factor" for everybody. Some of the participants may even change their lifestyle because of what they have been learning in class; not only because the sports and nutritional theories were interesting, but also because the person bringing the information forth to them has known how to explain the topics and has successfully gotten the student thinking about what they could improve in order to get in better shape or simply to feel better mentally.

A subject at school should not be considered time wasted in class by students. Therefore it is the teacher's duty to establish an interesting class programme according to the curriculum of the school that creates optimized circumstances for the students' learning curves. But even if the subject may not be the most interesting one, the teacher him-/herself can make all the difference. And after all, making a difference in others' lives is the reason why our society sends their children to school.
