Nowdays a lot of young children watch television. There are many reasons why they do that. I think it's often because the parents want to have free time or they want to entertain their children. Instead of playing with them they let them watch a series on television. And between their series or whatever they are watching a lot of advertisments come up. They see all of the beautiful and fun toys on the screen and most likely want to have them too. Is television advertising towards young children a good thing and should it even be allowed?

Firstly I think that young children are very easily influenced by things. When they see advertisments for toys for example they probably want to buy them. I think it's not a fair thing to show them something like that and they don't even know what's going on. They just see the toy and think it looks cool and want to buy it. 
Also the parents get into trouble with those advertisments. Their children want to buy constantly new stuff because they see it on television and maybe also their friends got it. It puts pressure on the parents to buy those things for their children.

On the other hand you have to question is it even something good to put their young child in front of a television? I think when parents do something like this they have to be aware that their child will see those advertisments. In my oppinion their are much worse things that children could see on the television than advertisments suchas guns or murder. And I also think that young children aged to two five should not be put infront of a television.

But of course those advertisements are good for the stores. They can sell their those even better because children get influenced quickly and the parents will most likely buy them. And it's normal and important for the economy that they sell their products. There are also advertisments for adults so I see no point not allowing to do some for children.

In my opinion television advertising towards young children should be allowed. It's a normal thing that the media does and when they can do advertisments for grown ups they can also do it for children. But I would give the parents the advice to take the children out of the house and away from the TV. Playing with your children is much more efficient and better than the television and on top of that you will not have andy problems with advertisments.
