Avertisement is all around us. On our way to the bus stop huge banners can be seen, online ads on websites and most likely of all, on tv. I grew up during a "boom" of television advertisement and I can still remember a few jingles from popular advertisements. The questions is whether or not advertising directed toward children of the age of two to five should be banned.

Is it suitable to assume that children of the young age of two to five can even realise what an advertisement actually does? 
Advertisements want to sell a product. The marketing department of huge industries is behind that; they want to make profit. Their idea is to make their advertisements most attractive for young children, because they are most "vulnerable". The indusry reaches its goal by making advertisements with bright colours and funny creatures to appeal to the children. So the little, innocent children go to their parents and ask them to buy it for them. And who can say no to a little kid? The children get exploited by the industry, its influence is enormous.

Nowadays a lot of young children already have a smartphone and they can access the internet or play games on it. Therefore I think that a lot children don't watch tv as intensively anymore than my generation did in our youth.

In my opinion children should watch tv channels, for example KiKa, which is a channel specifically for children and without any advertisements. I can say that I learnt a lot by watching tv. Nowadays there is often even more advertising than actual broadcasting on tv. So there is a lot of waiting for the actual tv program you want to watch. I think that this time shouldn't be wasted by advertisement. You should rather go out and play than stick to the tv to watch advertisements.
But in the end it comes down to the parents decision whether they want their children to watch a lot of tv or rather go outside and have a good time.







do they get it that young age?
influence?
waste of time ad

Opinion learning fun