Teachers have become what they are, to teach students, mostly on certain subject. It's their profession to educate other people and to give them information and skills. But how important is it to relate well with the stundents?
Of course, my opinion on that is a little bit influenced by the fact that I am s student myself, but it may make it easier for me to describe the situation of almost every student, so here we go.
As a student, you show up five days a week at the same classroom to learn the same stuff and meet the same people. Of course we do it for ourselves in the end, but it can be hard sometimes to get motivation for that routine. Anyway, we are tired and don't feel very comfortable at school, because it's not our beds, it's actually far away of being our beds. And in front of all these tired students with a huge lack of motivation, sits a teacher who doesn't even care about that. He just wants to get through the lesson as quick as possible to get his coffee. It's obvious that none of them, neither the tired students nor the grumpy theacher are willing to have an interesting lesson, they are all just waiting for the bell to ring.
Now imagine a teacher sitting in front of the same class with a smile. It doesn't have to be a "Oh my god yes finally I can teach the same thing like any other freaking day"-smile, but at least a small smirk. It makes such a difference seeing at least one person who actually wants to be in that classroom. He doesn't only smile, he talks to the students during the lesson, not too much, but at least he keeps them awake, or how I like to say it, alive. He answers questions politely and tries his best to educate every single student in the room. 
The funny thing is: The students enjoy the lesson of the swcond theacher way more, even though they went into the classroom with the exact same attitude. It's the teacher who has to give them the positive attitude and to make them enjoy the lesson, that's how student are educated effectively. 
It's clear to see that having knowledge about the subject is important, I mean, otherwise it's hard to teach them anyway. But the most important thing about bein a teacher is being poilite
