When we hear about good relationships between teacher and students we get jealous easily. Who doesn't need that in school? There must be reasons which motivates us to go to school. A long and boring math lesson? We don't need that but we like it if teachers like to make jokes from time to time. But their knowledge isn't that good?   

For me it's a hard decision. Because you need both of them. Either you have a boring lesson but learn much or you enjoy your lesson. But the best decision would be both: Enjoying a lesson and learn many new things.

But I don't have to learn from a teacher with excellent knowledge. He doesn't have to be that great. I just need someone I could learn something from. 

Most students don't like to go to school. But if the teacher is a joyful person and has a good relation with students it would already be one reason to go. This could motivate chidren and make them want to learn. For instance when I was in primary school I really liked to go because of my teacher. She taught us every subject. She used to tell stories from time to time not very often but this made  the lessons better. 

It doesn't help at all if teachers are really intelligent but can't teach you anything. 

In math lessons sometimes I kind of fall asleep because it is boring. The teacher never told about anything else than mathematics. I can't concentrate at all and I'd like to see a different side of him. We had to change our teacher. And the one before used to tell his hobbies and he sometimes he was funny. He made great saying which we wrote it so that we remember it. Even though I don't really like math I enjoyed it sometimes. But now I always wish that math lessons would end faster.

But in my opinion I still need both because if the teacher relates well with students it means that he understands them and thus he can explain it better. 
My future depends on the teacher thus I don't want to destroy it because of the knowlege of the teacher or because can't relate well with me.
