Advertising - danger for children?

We live in a world that's controlled by technology. It's hard these days to manage the daily life without using your mobile phone or the internet. As an adult you're even more affected of the use of technology than your children. But the question is whether it represents a problem for young children or not? Are the children negatively affected by the advertising in the TV?

Looking too much TV isn't good for the eyes, especially for small children which are developing, it represents a big problem. All these children we see wearing glasses could have been watching too much TV in their past. Doctors recommend parents to control the time which their children use for watching TV but in the most cases parents don't do this because they don't see the consequences.

It has to be said that they also can learn a lot by watching TV. There are special programs made for children to learn the lanuage or even mathematics can be learned by watching some series. On the other hand theirs a lot of advertising, every 15 minutes you can watch an advertisment and for adults it's most of the time pretty annoying. When small children watch an advertisment which shows how other children play with their new toys they want also to own them so in conclusion the parents have to spend money on unuseful toys. Many parents don't have enough money to buy all these expensive toys that are shown on TV so they have to disappoint their children which often leads them to ignore or even hate their parents. 

An other point is also that it isn't controlled what's shown in TV. The first advertisment could be about toys and the second about porn. Children then watch things which aren't meant for them and influence their childhood in a very bad way. That's why we hear about boys/man that touch girls on the street or even about rapes. The childhood plays a big role in everyone's life.

On the one hand there's also a lot of 'useful' advertising like stuff for school for example pencils, bags, etc. which can motivate youngsters to go to school or even begin learning more for school. On the other hand the stuff shown on the screen is 10x more expensive than that in the shop so it could be a problem for poor families.

In my opinion I'm strongly against advertisment because it often more has a negative than a positive effect. It can lead to problems when the children become older because maybe they see the world with different eyes due to the advertising in TV.