The question wether a teachers ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge is very contreversial. There are positive and negative aspects on each ability. Teachers who are able to build up personal connections to their students tend to always make a better impression on them. Students are automatically more talketive and open in class, they have the courage to raise their hand and ask whatever they don't understand. In my personal experience are students also more motivated to do their work when they feel they have a one on one connection with the teacher, since they dont want to disappoint them. But of course if the teacher is not qualified enough about his or her subject it doesnt help the students either. 

I think one can't set one ability over the other, because they are both just as important. Even so, you could look at it from the other perspective as well. The teachers that have excellent knowledge on their subject might not be able to relate to the students as well. One could also ask oneself if that is even important? As long as the students learn something and do their work it should be fine. School is not here to build up personal connections, it is here for students to be able to educate themselves and to explore what they are interested in. So if you look at it in this way, one could conclude that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is not significant, since teachers are only responsible for educating the students. 

Even though excellent knowledge should go over personal relationships between teacher and student, the relationship and security the students might feel with the teacher can influence their learning in a positive way. Because of this I don't think there is a definite yes or no answer. Both strengths work together to make the most out of the students experience in school. When a student connects to a teacher it feels secure and more confident, though might not get the most education they can. On the other hand if a tacher is fully qualified but has absolutely no ability to relate well with students, then the student, inmy opinion, is also incapable of really getting the most out of his or her learning experience. 