Should advertising television towoard young children be allowed or not ? In my opinion it should not be allowed. First I want to talk about the generalIy letting children in this young age sit in front of the TV. We all know it's easier to put our children infront of the TV, so we can do our work. We also get the impression that our children can get smarter when they watch "good" TV, because it gives them a good source of useable information. I'm saying no! In the age of two to five it is of highest importance not to let your child sit infront of the screen. You, as a parent, have the responsibilty to make good decisions for your child's future. During the the 2nd to 5th year of live the essential brain connections are made. These are not made by sitting infront of the box. They are developed by using all their four senses and by exploring their world. If your child doesn't make these necessary barin connecntion it won't be able to do them later. Let's talk about an drastic example to show you what I mean. Let's say you're really busy with work and you don't have enough money to pay someone, who looks after your daughter. You can give Sarah your attention from time to time, but most of the time she is spending infront of the TV. Questions I want you to think about: How is she going to learn how to speak? How does she know how to use her fine- and gross- motor skills, when nobody goes out to play with her? How is she ever going to be able to sozializewith other people when she's trapped in the house ? My prediction is that this girl will be retared. Not only won't she have the basic motor skill but also mentally she will be disturbed. I think she will have difficulties sleeping since she hasn't been active all day and also develop a mental disorder since she's on her own and doesn't receive the needed love and attention of her caregivers. Eventhough it's a exagerated example I ho All the essential skill are learn thourgh exploring the world. Sitting infront of the TV and not beingexpoes to anything won't do any good for your child. Regarind my explanation about not letting children spend time of the TV I think it's self- explaining that I don't support the advertisement directed to children.