"Teachers"
A teacher needs to know everything about his subject or he can't help the students in his class. Right? I don't think so and in the following points I want to explain why. To be a teacher in grammar school you have to study your subject. You study on a very high level and then you have to teach students who don't know anything about your subject. And because at the end of their school years they don't have to know everything you had to know until the end of your study  years, you don't have to know every little complicated detail about your subject. It sure is important to know more than they do so if the students have questions you should be able to answer them. But as long as you know what you are talking about and you understand the things you have to teach them you will be just fine. By far more important is that your students listen and understand what you are saying because otherwise you can know as much as you want and it won't help you. If they for example have to learn about past simple. It may seem as an easy topic for you but does it for your students? If they have ever heard from it before they have to learn it at first and then they will understand how to use it properly. So if you are a teacher who knows everything about his subjects and you would be able to form the most complicated sentence but you are not able to theach those students how to use the past simple, you are not meant to be a teacher. There are other jobs that would fit you better. Because in my opinion students do not need someone who is able to form a complicated sentence if he can't explain why he formed it the way he did. They don't care about how intelligent their teacher is and how much he knows if he isn't able to help them so one day they can form their own complicated sentence because at the moment they don't even know how to use the past simple. But if you are a teacher who can some sort of come down to the level of his students and explain to them how to use the past simple in a way they do understand it doesn't matter that there are teachers out there whose english is better than yours because their students do not know how or when to use past simple. 