Today I will talk about the question whether modern computerized voting systems should be implemented and replace the traditional voting system.
I have just heard a monologue clearly opposing the idea of using a new voting system and read a text that supports one.

The woman I listened to argued that computerized voting systems are not better than the voting system that is currently in use.
Having to vote via PCs would be a great hindrance to people who are not used to computers, can't afford one, or simply don't use them.
So although the text states that critics claim that the current voting systems are inefficient, don't prevent inaccurate counting and are damaging if any election is closely contested, the new system would not be ideal at all for many people. Citizens who are afraid of technology would be left out of the elections.

She also questions whether compouters really do a better job than human beings. She says that the mistakes a computer would make would be far more serious than that of humans' since all that can happen in the current system is a few ballots being left out, but after all PCs are built by humans. A mistake that a PC can do is likely to be far more serious than any human mistake since thousands of votes could be miscounted by PCs. And furthermore, since the votes don't have any physical registration, a recount would be impossible! That would of course be a huge catastrophe. So although it's people who are counting the votes one by one and humans do a lot of mistakes, computers are automatic and quicker, but still not necessarily better... and as long as they're not better and more reliable, a modern system must not be used.

Lastly, the text states that some people consider modern voting systems too risky, but they trust other computerized technology without a second thought.
To that, the woman responds that those systems that humans use daily had to be improved and improved until they reached the reliable and efficient level that they're at now. Voting occurs way less frequently, only every second year nationally and maybe twice a year regionally, so human beings don't have many opportunites and the confidence to develop a good system and improve it... without risking some inaccurate elections, at least.



