There´s a big discussion in the United States because of the current voting system: Critics would like to have a computerized voting system to avoid "human" mistakes but on the other side are many arguments which are against using the computers in a voting system.

The current voting system in the USA is simple to explain: The citizen who wants to vote, gets a huge sheet - the ballot - with all the names of people who can be elected. The citizen has to decide for who he wants to vote and places his mark next to the name.
The problems of this kind of voting system are that it´s hard to have a good overview by all these names and then you have to place your mark right next to the name which could be a problem for all people with a bad see ability or just a shaking hand. There are also miscounts possible because often officials have to count up the votes one by one and it´s possible to just forget a few billots. The people are afraid of a wrong election because of this kind of mistake.
The good things about this voting system are that everybody can vote because they don´t need a computer and the amount of mistakes is not that big.

The by the critics wanted computerized voting system is more modern and could acctually help with the progress of voting because it´s much faster and it´s easier to find the right name to vote. They just have to click on the name and don´t have problems with wrong placed marks. 
The problems of this modern way of voting did I already mention: Many people don´t have a computer or are feared by this kind of technology. It´s hard for them to vote and to use the computer. Another problem is that they want to avoid "human" mistakes with computers but they are programmed by humans too. Only a smal error in the programm could remove all votes or could delete thousands of them which would be fatal for the election. Other programs have time to improve their systems and are used everyday like bank softwares and so on, but this programm would only be used once in a few years and would not have the chance to imrpove. This seems to risky for many people.

These are the arguments with the adventages and disadventages for the "old" and the "modern" voting systems.