First of all, computers aren't a problem for people who use them on a daily basis, but the people, who don't use them or can't affort them, don't know how to work with them. So it's hard for them to vote with a computerized voting system. The fear of technology can lead to people not voting. They're too afraid of using it.
There may be mistakes when humans count the votes of every ballots, but who says that the computer won't make a mistake? A much bigger mistake, like miscounting thousands of votes or deleting them can change the result and elect someone else. Just one error is needed to destroy the counting system, which is made by humans who make mistakes.
Even though people trust computers with banking today, it hasn't been like that a few years ago. The banking system and technology has been improved since then, because there were mistakes too. It is used daily now, but voting is more important and only every two years. It has to be tested and improved, before it can be used and that will take years. Even then mistakes can still happen.
In the text it says, that people with bad eyesight often vote for the wrong person, because they can't see where they're putting their mark. Solving the problem for this is easy. Glasses can be bought and that would increase the problem. And nobody can be sure, that the people who have a bad eyesight won't touch the wrong name on their mobile phone or computers.
Also it says that there are long and expensive recounts which have to take place if there has been detected a mistake, but the recount can be done. If the computers just delete thousands of votes, there won't help a recount because the votes disappeared and often can't recover, not even with help from scientists.
Trusting the computer with banking transactions or highly sensitive information doesn't always go well. Accounts have been hacked, money has been stolen and information has been leaked on the internet. It isn't safe. It is possible to hack every system, even the voting system. 