The text and the lecture revolve around the american voting system. 
It is said, that it would be better to use computers for the people who vote, because if the ballots have to be counted by human beings, they are going to make mistakes. Also, the ballots are filled with a lot of names, which makes it hard for the people to even select the name they intendet to, that counts for example for people who can not see that good anymore.
Now, if computers would take over the counting part, that includes the people voting on the copmuter, it would be much faster and there would be fewer mistakes in counting. Although some people say, that it would be very risky to trust a computer with such an important thing as voting, computer systems are used and trusted every day for complex tasks,  for example for banking transactions and such. 
In the lecture the woman doubts that computers are better or trustworthy enough for such an important task. She has the opinion, that it propably is a good thing for people who are used to computers and who use them everyday or grew up with them, so it is natural for them to use computers. But what about elderly people, who are not used to technology. It is much harder for them to know how to use computers and that will also lead to mistakes. 
So the question is if computers really are better than human beings, just because they can count the votes faster. The worst mistake a human can make is, if he or she forgets a few ballots, but computers are programmed by humans too. That means, if the computer system does not work, it is a case of human error too. 
Also it would be much worse if a computer strikes and does not work anymore, thousands of votes would be lost ore miscounted. Yes, computer systems are used on a daily basis for hard tasks, but they did not work as good from the beginning on. Computer systems need to be improved until they work perfectly. Votings in the United States are not as often as banking transactions for example. So it would be hard to developp and improve such system fast enough for it to work correctly. 