The text and the speech have very different and opposing views and opinions on the topic of traditional voting versus voting through a computer system. 
While in the text it says, that a lot of errors are made during traditional voting because people mark the wrong name or the officials make mistakes counting the votes, the woman in the speech says that the risk of errors that are made because of mistakes that an official made while programming the system can be way more severe. She also said that people might even be scared to go voting, because they are not used to using a computer on a daily basis, because maybe they can not afford one. And for that same reason, that they do not know how to use them, they might also cast a wrong vote. The text argues against that saying, that the system would be made very easy so that everyone can easily figure out how to work it and can even make the names larger to make it easier to read. It also says that the human errors made in counting would be gone, but the woman in the speech says that if a computer makes one mistake there might be no way to recount the votes and thousands of votes might get lost, which would be worse than small miscounted votes of maybe one or two ballots. The final arguement of the text states that the technology is already in use, for example in the banking system, as to prove that it can be trusted. There is also an arguement mentioned in the speech against that. She says that the banking systems are used daily and frequently, so that people are used to them. They also needed to be worked on throughout the years, which is not something you can do with the voting system, because there is only one chance to make it right, once every two years. They both agree that there are some problems in the traditional voting system, but while the text argues that computer systems would be a way to make those problems go away, the arguements of the speech make it clear that there would only be more problems coming from the technology and worse mistakes could be made. 