Should the traditional voting system be replaced by a new system using computers?

Many critics in the USA say, that the voting system, actually used in the country is innefficient and should be replaced with another, more accurate way to count the votes. They want a fully computerized voting sytem, where the voters just have to touch the candidate on the screen and not have to search it between many other smallwritten names on a paper. Especially for older people, who have a bad eyesight, it's hard to find the candidate they want to finally vote for on the sheet. But would computers mak a better job? As it was said in the lecture, there are also a lot of people living in the USA, who don't even know how to use a computer properly. That would make it hard for them too, or could even "scare" them, that they wouldn't go voting. Another argument of the text is, that humans make mistakes while counting the votes all the time and that that wouldn't happen to a computer. But In the lecture it's said, that computers are still made by humans and that a single mistake made by a computer could cause way bigger problems. Humans may count a few votes too much, or miss out one or two, but a computer could "loose" thousands of them with a single mistake. While the traditional voting system isn't that expensive, a voting sytsem using computers to vote and count the votes would cost a lot more. Not to forget, that computers sometimes stop working, while it's hard for a sheet of paper to do the same. The author of the text said, that people in the USA use banking technology since years and that they fully trust them, so why shouldn't voting be improved by making computers? Well, after the lecture, when banking technology was used for the first time it had to be improved many times, before it was able to run without any mistakes. The difference between the banking technology and a new votung system? While bankng technolgy is used almost every day by almost every US american citizen, the voting technology would only be used every few years, and therefore wouldn't be improved as often as the banking technology. 