Should we use voting software instead of ballots?

The first argument in the text was that it is easy to make mistakes in a ballot, because you have a bad eyesight example. Another argument in the text is that those ballots are counted by humans and every human makes a mistake. In the presentation it was said that human can also make mistakes by programming this software which you vote with. This could lead to much bigger problems. For example if the software isn`t very well programmed this could lead to thousands of votes which are counted wrong. It will be faster to vote with the software and it will be much faster to count the votes but what to do if the votes are counted wrong? Do you want to vote again? With the software that counted the votes wrong? Another problem is that old people who aren`t used to computers could be afraid of voting with the new touchscrenn voting programms. For example my mother doesn`t want to have a smartphone with a touchscreen. She says she always tpuches everything except that what she really wants. People who aren`t used to computers could have the same oppinion. As a consequence of that they could get afraid of voting because they don`t want to vote wrong. Another argument of the text was that we do everything technologically - we do transactions, we buy things with computers,... But in the first time computers or espacially those features were used there were lots of mistakes, this software could get haked for example. All those features needed a lot of improvements until they were as good as they are today. Another point is that you don`t see the mistakes as often as in a transaction programm for example. A transaction programm is used thousands time a day but how often do you use a voting software? You vote every two years nationally. The are just a few opportinities to recognize the mistake of such a software. As a consequence of that it is a really difficult an long way to make this software as good as you need it and until everybody trusts this software. It will also need a lot of time until everyone will use this voting software. 

To change from ballots to a voting software will be very difficult and will need a lot of time.