In the extract of the speech the speaker talks about the behaviour with ballot systems based on computers. 
The speaker makes the point that computers are programmed by human and if human make mistakes by counting votes also this problem could transfer to maschines. 
Moreover she claims that mistakes a computer could do are much more heavy than mistakes making by counting votes one by one because such problems would often result in errors or false programming. The result of this would be that thousand of  votes are false whereas a person counting it one by one would do just one or two false votes.
Additionally she states that the technology used in this maschines is not tested yet so the problems she assumes are really realistic. That the porgramme is not used daily like for example in banking transactions makes it very difficult to develop the technology fastly because mistakes just appears by using this maschine.
On last point the speaker makes is that not everybody is using computers. Whether it is because of fear of technology or just the unknowledge of the voters a lot of voters would have trouble with this technology and might conclude not to cast their ballots.
To sum up the speakers behaviour is against online voting.
In the extract of the newspaper article the opinion concerning online voting is quite different to the on of the speaker.
For example the author has a different meaning towards making mistakes. In his opinion people often make mistakes a maschine would not do. He fokusses on the problem that when a mistake is made a  long and expensive recount has to take place.
Furthermore he describes the problem that a maschine would work faster than a person counting the votes one by one.
On last disagreement between the both authors is the argument concluding the use of banking transactions and the possibility to transfer this technology into the voting system. While the speaker of the extract claims that these technology has a long development including lots of mistakes behinds and that this technology is so effective because it is used daily, the author of the newspaper article states that we should give it a thought like we did with the other technologies.
