The text criticizes the current voting system in the USA. It says that the regular way of voting on a piece of paper in a small cabin isn´t good because you can easily fail and vote for the wrong person. Also people with poor eyesight have big problems finding the right candidate on a small sheet, so they maybe will fail while voting. Another problem is, that the normal voting system is more inefficient than computers are because of the human beings counting the votes, which often error. These errors or miscounts would be very damaging if it´s a very closely election. Computers won´t fail that often, so it would be a better alternative than the old voting system. In addition to that, it is much easier to vote on a computer, because the voters won´t fail so often because of too small election sheets. 
On the other hand, there is the speech arguing against elections with computers. It says that voters who are familiar with computers won´t have any problems by voting, but what about these who aren´t? Especially older people who aren´t used to coumputers will have a lot of problems and maybe won´t go to an election because of the fear of technology. And there is also the questions if computers are so much better than human beings because you can´t garantee that computers who count the votes won´t fail. Maybe they also get hacked, so the election is manipulated. This is a possible scenario because the election programs aren´t used every day only once in a few years, so it´s a lot more possible that they are going to fail than it is with other programs. 
So it´s obvious that the two meanings are having a differnt opinion which are arguing against each other. One said, that computer elections won´t fail as much as humans do, the other one is saying the opposite. Another example is, that one says election with a computer are much easier because you won´t have all the fails which are caused by too small names on a list. The other one says, that it is a problem to vote for people who aren´t familiar to the new technologies. 
So all in all, both textes have the same topic with the exact opposite meaning.