Should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed?

Television ads towards young chilred, meaning children aged two to five, are mostly made by companies who produce and sell food, toys or clothing. They are often very colorful and lively, to attract kids and make them want to own the advertised products. But should these commercials even be allowed?

A big part of the income of a company, relies on their advertising. Since this is, what is supposed to attract new costumers and give them the feeling of having to buy a specific article. So for a company that specialises on children's products, it would be fatal if these kinds of ads were no longer allowed. 

Also, many young children enjoy whatching ads, since they can't tell the difference between ads and TV programmes. So television ads don't really bother them in any particular way. 

But on the other side, children shouldn't watch too much television anyways, since it is damaging to their brains and it causes them to lose the ability to entertain themselves. Instead, they just sit in front of a TV all day long and stare, just consuming whatever they see. So if there are more and more ads directed toward them, they will watch even more TV.

Another point is, that young children will immediately want the things that are advertised on television and they will bother their parents with it all day long. So, many parents have to deal with their unsatisfied kids and this can cause stress and in some cases even anxiety.

Also, children don't even need that many new things. They should learn to be satisfied with what they have. Children in other countries are lucky if they've got one single toy and they never wish for anything else. And a hundred years from now, the kids didn't have a TV or that many toys. They were just entertaining themselves and had just as much fun doing it. So our generations' kids shouldn't be presented with that many new things to buy every single day. Because then, they'll just want to get the newest and best things available at the moment and they will never learn to truly appreciate what they have.

So I believe, that television advertising directed toward young children shouldn't be fully forbidden, but it should be limited to a certain amount of time per day, so that kids these days don't get flooded with all the new information and that they can learn to appreciate what they have in life.

