In a shop full of toys, a mother and child are looking around. The child suddenly rushes over to a shelf were hundreds of the same dolls are lined up neatly. It runs to it's mother and says: "Mommy, Mommy look! It's just like the one i saw on TV yesterday! Can I have it? Please ,please, pleeeeease!" The mother looks up and says: "Ok sweetheart but don't be sorry if it doesn't do the same stuff as it does on TV, you know they always oversell these products.". Without listening to her mothers full awnser the girl runs to the counter and gets her new doll. When they get home and she openes the box she's clearly dissapointed. "It doesn't even talklike it did on TV !" she exclaimes. And after two hours of playing with it, it's lying broken on the ground. "So much for good quality merchendise...", the mother murmurs as she puts it away.

This scenaryo happenes more often than you think. With kid advertising on TV always more children start only buying things they see in commercials. If they get something handmade there disapointed because it's not the same as the one they saw on the tellie
. 
Then again it might also be the case that they start learning at a very youngage not to trust everything that is said on the TV.
But also there are always breaks between their TV programms with only advertisements, where they can't watch their show. So naturally they go wake Mommy from her nap to play because there's nothing on TV.
.
On the other hand they might learn a lot about new things and words and how to use them.
So should it be aloud to make Television advertising directed towards young children?

I personally think it should be forbidden, because young kids shouldn't have to deal with advertising. Besides at a young age children are so impressionable so they fall for every advertising trick in the book. In my mind kids should be able to be kids and enjoy their childhood and not have to think about stuff like advertising and if their toys are good quality or not. I say we put a stop to kid advertising!