Televison advertising is now-a-days something which is normal. Everyone, from young to old watches televison and with the televison the advertising.
With time, as the televison developed, the form how the televison works and what form of shows, series and advertising developed too.
In todays age everyone gets influenced by advertising and televison. Our society does build up on that (exp: what's new? What's cool? etc).
I think advertising directly to the childern in these ages is dangerous. The reason why is because in these years of childhood as a child your are developing and learining new things and you go on adventures on to find out how life works how do you as a human being and person funtion.. Advertising little children is dangerous from my point of view because your influencing the childern in a young age were thy can't build their own opinion about these things. For me I think also parents who let their childern watch televison in such a young age is not responsible. The childern should be playing and not sitting around and looking at little pixels, who aren't even good for their eyes.
I think what also is importend, is, what sort of advertising is it? Are we talking about games, things you can play outside or just a teddybear they can have for sleep. Would it be games I don't think it is go, the children are influenced then to play it and are getting even faster addicted on a young age then maybe kids do espacially these days were everthing is electronic. If we are talking about a teddybear I think it depends on how the advertising is done. Is it aggressiv or is calm? If it is aggressiv like you have to buy this teddy I don't think it is a good idea as I was saying the kid can't build them self a opinion.
However, what for me is a big reason to say it should not be allowed is that the kids should not watch television becaue of their health. It does effect the eyes and does not get better with time. When they grow there are even more electronic things they have or want to handle for exp: IPhone, IPad etc. What I also think is that from time to time we get even more addicted, by growing up and that should not start at such a young age. Referring back to what I also said is the opinion they can't make themself, I don't think a two year old baby understands whats going on and what the advertising is saying or even make a opinion about that.