It is a common picture in a normal houshold: Children watching television after school. To most of the people it may seem harmless, but there is a danger hidden inside. Advertising. Many complaints about advertisments in television were recently mentioned by a sheer number of families. Parents complained about how their children began to ask for more toys, specificly those which could be seen on television. Moreover the wishes for candy and similar junk food increased more. A small party consisting of concernd parents wants to disallow advertising directed towards young chilrden, but should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed or not?

First of all, it is well-known that advertisements are no good. Studies show that customers bought a certain product 20 times more after having seen it on television. The influence on our choices on products is very heavy. The better an advertisment is, the longer we think about it, the more it settles in our brains. Advertisment has a long history of sexism and racism, yet is has never been disallowed. 

However, advertisments are not muteable. They are at your bus station, in your magazine or even on your shirt. There is no way to escape from advertising. Although the influence of advertisments on children between the age of two to five is certainly high, the influence is going to increase even more during the age of six to ten. So what could stop the children from being influenced and pushed into this never ending circle? Of course the first thing to do would be to make the children stop watching television at all. This might work out for a certain period of time but their friends might still be watching television and be informing them about the latest toy or candy. 

To refer again to the question mentioned in the introduction, I think that advertising towards children aged two to five should be allowed. There is no way that the children might be able to flee the circle most of the population on earth is stuck in 