Television advertising is a very strong form of advertisement. The main problem with advertisments directed to children is, that it makes them want what is shown in the TV. Small children are very influencable so if they see a lot of TV advertisements made for children, they will annoy their parents by telling them: "I want this!","I want that!" They will become children who want to have everthing. When they are children, that aspect of personality isn't a big problem because their parents are setting borders for them. But the children won't stay children forever. They will get adults and have an own apartment. Thats when the TV advertisements really become a problem. That aspect of pereonality that has grown through watching TV will get the overhand and they are going to buy a lot of stuff they don't really need. That will cause them to live in poverty later in their life. Another bad aspect of television advertisements directed to children is, that there are not only children who watch TV. Other people will be annoyed by adverstisments for "stupid child stuff" and they are going to switch to another channel. So advertisments for children are not only bad for the children but also for the channel that sends those advertisements. The third an last bad aspect is, that it makes decisions even harder for children when they are young. If their parents tell them, they can spend a certain amount of money and the children want everything, they won't be able to make a decision in short time. The only good thing with advertisments for children is, that it shows them possibilities and sometimes, it makes them discover something they wouldn't know about if they didn't see the advertisement.

My opinion is, that television advertisments for children should be forbidden, because it could have bad consequences for their lifes. Do we really want to destroy people's lifes just for a little bit of profit? It makes no sense. Everyone is telling we should protect children from war regions. Everyone is crying, we should save the nature but how can we do this if we can't even protect our own children?