The world with all it's developement sometimes shows cruel faces. Manipulating human beings in order to make them buy things they don't need and make them want things they didn't think of before, is a widley accepted way of advertisement. Shops have their ways of manipulating people, and so do the companies. But a big impact for sure has found television. We now have to ask ourselfs how far we want it to go.
This is what leads us to the question if television advertising directed towards children aged two to five should be allowed or not.
 First of all, we have to define what that actually means. In my understandig, this are advertisements in the TV that are made in a way, that small children understand what it is about. They should probably lead a child to wanting something, and making his parents buy it. Should this form of advertisement be accapted or not? Obviously children that age are affected a lot by the surrounding. But TV advertisements nowadays are not all made for children. There are a lot of half naked women and men, trying to make you belive you get a sixpack by buying a parfume. We have to ask ourselfs if an advertisment directed towards children, and therefore made for children, really is that bad. 
Manipulating children is obviously sounding really harsh and like something we wouldn't want. But how far would our children be affacted by it anyways? A kid aged two to five should not be watching TV for too long, but rather play or be outside. An advert it sees in the evening for a short timeperiod should therefore not really have an impact on its life.
I do belive that there are already a lot of adverts directed towards children in TV, and in my opinion,that is okey. I would rather have my child watch an adverd directed towards him and made for kids eyes, than an advert made for adults. The problem of advertising for me is a lot more than only manipulating, but it is a way of showing wrong ideals to people and children. So I belive that any advertisement can have a bad impact on a child, and that one directed towards it is not even making a big change, as long as it is not showing wrong ideas of humans and their behaviour.