We're are living in a decade where television advertising is the main income of a channel. But sometines those advertisings are especially made for young children. The state which I'm going to write today is about the topic if television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed or not. 

The first point is that with the television advertising the children always wants to have more and they love to act like the child in the television. A good example is the advertising of the brand GEOX. With showing the children their shoes in a kind of cartoon, the children become influenced by the advertisement and so when they go out shopping with their parents the only wish they have, is to buy some pair of GEOX shoes because your foot can breath in there.

On the contrary of the first point the children learn a lot about their own body. Retaking the further example is the advertising of GEOX the children learn that the whole body breathes and that the body can't survive for a long time by inhaling oxygen only from the lungs.

The third point of this topic is that if a brand invests a lot of money in television advertising the product shown in the television will cost also a lot. And a lot of parents cannot affort to buy the specific product. But the parents wants to make the child happy and they buy the product nonetheless when they can't afford it. This leads that the parents have much more debts than they normally have.

Resuming of all the points I prefer that television advertising direct toward young children should not be allowed because those kind of advertising act at the children like a brainwash. This brainwash leads to the point in which the parents could loose the control of the children because they get so much influenced by the television advertising. And also there is a high risiko of bullism at the kindergarten if a child doesn't wear a pair of shoes which can't breath. The only one solution for stopping this brainwash is to not allow the children to watch television for a long time. 

