I agree with the statement that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. 
Children aged two to five haven't got their own opinion yet. Like this they are forced to do something they probably don't actually want to do. After all they are pushed into publicity and like this they are in great danger. Think of all the celebrities which always have to be guarded because they have so many enemies. I also think that they can't life a normal life like this. If they would go to school other children would envy them and they wouldn't want to spend any time with them. On the other hand, like this they probably are going to have a clear future. But as I sayed, it's probably not their wish to life a live like this.
An other point why this statement could be wrong in my eyes is, that these children are maybe creating their personality very fast. But I also think that they could have lots of problems in their future because of that. So it can be positive and negative as well. If you love yourself too much, because you are too selfcentered, nobody will like you in the end.
Actually it could also depend on what the advert is about. If it's for example about clothes then it's not such a big deal to me. But it could also be about something where the children are naked. I mean of course they are children and they can't complain, like I already sayed. But that would somehow be pornocrafic to me. For some reason anyone has invented clothes even for small children. Or an other example is that it could be an advert about a exersice for children in their freetime and it could be dangerous to produce the advert. So you're just risking the life of very small children to make an advert whichs duration will be about twenty seconds in the end. But I think the most important point to me is the one I mentioned in the beginning. That children which can barely walk or talk are forced to do something which is probably going to change their lifes and which they probably totaly disagree with. They are robed by their parents, which allow something like this, and by the people which have ideas like that. These people rob the childrens childhood to me.
