Nowdays we are getting completly stuffed with adverst. No day pases without us getting influenced to buy a new decetn prduct. Like this the firmen creat new needs in us. There is even advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five). But insn't this a immoralic behaoiver? Can people really try to influence little kids?

Firt things first I have to make clear that every big Firma wants to make buisness to get  money
. This is the point of our capitalistic system. So we should not critizize them. It is only right to promotea product you have invested a big amount of thime in. Even if it is to young children. They cant buy themselves anything anywys. So the parents are responsable to manage their kids and show them what they need and what they dont. If their kids want something they saw at a tv commercial. They have to show them the real velure of this  promoted thing.

But in the oppoite I have to mention that like this kids are teached a wrong sytem of values in their life. Espacilly in this young age the kids get used to this kind of behaviour quit fast and they keep it for their lifetime. A complety other point that is worth to mention is the stess for the parents that this comercials create. Pleas immagine the following situation. Your little 4 year old boy just saw the recent tv commercial for a fidget spinner and it gets fascineated by this things. You hear it day after day that he wants to have this thing. Parents get annoyed and kids get sad. SOme parents cant stand tjis feeling. SO what are they going to do? Corecct they will buy it. At this point we get back to the point I already mentîoned. Kid getverwöhnt and learn a wrong system of values.

As a conclusion I can say that firmen should be allowed to adverstise products for young children. But only for thigs this kids really need. So it hould be forbidden to create new useless needs in young children. Because they are influenced really fast. But in the end it all comes down to the parents. They have the most influence on their kids. Even if this adverts are allowed in the future the parents have the might to teach their kids the real values in life. 




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































LOL