With the advance in modern technology and it being normal that every household owns at least one tv, there come many problems parents face when raising their children. How old should they be when they start watching television? Will watching tv make my child dumb? How will the ads on tv affect my child? In this essay I will discuss the pros and cons of advertising on tv for children.

Everyone knows those moments when right at the most interesting part of a movie, suddenly there's a break. Those annoying times when one ad follows another and there just doesn't seem to be an end to it. But that's not all there is to advertising. The whole point of ads is to convince people if not even manipulate them into thinking they need a certain product. For adults this might not always be so affective as with children. Adults have a certain amount of self discipline and an understanding of money. Whereas children will see something thy like and not think any further. So if a child sees an ad for a toy on the disney channel, it is most likely going to go whine at thier parent to get them this toy. So aren't advertisment companies using young children to make more profit off their parents? Isn't this "unfair"? Some my agree but others might see it differently. The situation of a child wanting something from their parents, already existed long before the tv. Just think of all the crying children you see in supermarkets throwing a tantrum just to get that pack of biscuits they like. So some people might say that televison ads can't be blamed for parents not disciplining their children.

A problem might be that if a child grows up already influenced by ads on television they will grow up thinking that it's normal to see something on tv and then going out to buy it. So the process of learning how to spend money wisely is much more difficult, especially if their parents never take the initiative toteach them properly. Something to consider is that children don't just get confronted with ads on tv. Everywhere in the streets, in the supermarket, even through friends, children get influenced into wanting to buy products. Then again it's the parents' responsability to discipline their child and not rely on society to do that job for them. 

All in all I believe that television ads should not be banned for children because it can help them understand how to spend money more wisely and it can increase their self discipline by being experiencing what it is like to not always be able to get what they want.This of course only works as long as parents take responsibility and show their children how to do this.