A big part of today's television is advertisement. After every ten minutes the show you love stopps and a good looking woman appears to try to sell you a shampoo that'll make your hair grow smoother. We are adults and we know that sometimes advertisement lie and try to manipulate you to buy articles you don't need, but what about children, especially the ones from two to five? Is it ethical to make advertisements toward them?

Children are easily fascinated. Advertisements can take advantage of that to manipulate a child into wanting the advertised article. If we put it this way, they are taking advantage of helpless beings to make money and that would be morally wrong. Another aspect is that the advertisers could crush the hopes of a young chld, after its parents disagree to buy the article the child was tricked into wanting. The advertisers play with the feeling of a young child, abuse them mentally in a way.

Small children are easily impressed, but they are equally easily turned off by something. It's not like they like everything that they see. In that sense you still have to have the right idea for a toy to impress the children. Addionally if you have invented a toy that makes children happy, is it really ethically wrong to try to get these toys to them by advertising? If the toy makes the child happy and the parents are willing to buy it, won't that make everyone happy? The child is happy, because it got the toy, the parents are happy, because the child is happy and the advertiser is happy, because he did his job right. 
Another argument is that parents are not powerless. They still have influence on their child and could talk the child out of it.

In my opinion it is not wrong to advertise toward young children. I think children who are two years old can't even react to the manipulation from advertisements, because they're too young. They just like it or not and we are the same. We either like something or not and if we do like the concept of something, it wouldn't matter if there was manipulation, we'll still buy it. Even if the kids were tricked, would it really matter? The goal of everyone would still be achieved right? The child would still be happy? Hapiness is still hapiness and would not become a wrong and bad happiness. 