There are reasons behind those advertisements. In todays society there are a lot of small children who grow up with the use of computers and television. While watching all the advertisements for adults they get bored so producers wanted to find something to keep these kids motivated to watch TV. Furthermore are there many children with older sibling so they want to be just like them, for example by shopping an item they saw in an advertisement. Through these advertisements these kids can build their own point of view on different things.

But there is an other side aswell. By bringing small children in contact with television advertisements these kids will form such a strong mind that they for example laugh about other children if they don't have the newest doll or the newest shirt. This can then lead to bullying as soon as the kids get older. 
After having seen these advertisements these kids won't be able to form their own mind on what they like and what they don't like, they think because they saw this object in an advertisement it for sure has to be the best. With advertisements precisely directed towards these kids they will have even more reasons on why to watch television. Advertising something for children young aged will make it very hard for parents to explain to their children why they can't have everything they want. These kids will want to have everything they have seen on TV and think that it is normal to have this particular object.

I personally think those kind of TV advertisements should not be allowed, because they take away the chance to form their own mind from these young kids. In my opinion are these advertisements meant to be good but I think they only cause problems by showing these kids the newest toys. These kids then will want to have those toys, even tough they just got an older edition of this exact toy a few months ago, while without the advertisement this kids would be happy with their older edition of the toy. These kids are too young to be able to decide what they really want and what they just want because they saw it in an advertisement. With all the reasons mentioned above I think these kind of TV advertisements aren't good at all for those young children.