There's only one reason for a company to produce an advertisement for their new toy: It works. It may be annoying for everybody else but there's a whole line of work occupied with selling their products including toys and it's inhumane to rid them of their occupation. Frankly, why is it such a bad idea for toddlers to watch adverts anyway? The only thing prohibiting it would accomplish is a whole bunch of young children watching adverts directed at older kids and adults as they stumble in the room when someone else's watching TV and who's to say this wouldn't be a worse influence?

To start with, there are many and more people working with the concept of selling as many toys to young children as possible and their livelyhood depends on this. If you close one market you have to open another or risk to flood the job market with more people it can possibly support. In protecting toddlers from influence which may or may not be bad you would certainly destroy much more. 
This leads me to my second argument. Is it really so bad? Of course it's stressfull for parents when their child starts crying and whining about wanting this new plane but isn't this a parental problem? You have to teach a kid constraint and other things, it can't just get anything it wants. A problem which only concerns young parents shouldn't be the reason to shut down a whole market.
Since adverts are everywhere you look it whould be very difficoult for young children to never see them and if they're going to see a lot of them anyway why not have some of them directed to them? It would certainly distract them from advertisements which may not be all that child friendly.

You can't shelter a child from everything. If you bring it up sheltered and protected each second of the day it will one day stub his toe horribly on reality. In this sense it would be nonsensical to prohibite something other lifes depend on. If someone has a problem with advertisement directed at young children they should rather concern themselves with the values their kid learns and what's really important in life.