My broter is ten years old. Like his friends, he likes to watch television and does is quite every afternoon. Of course, as  we are living in the same appartment, I hear and see what he is watching. I have notices that much of the TV program are advertising. And often I hear him saying: "Mom, come and look... How cool is that? Can I get this?"
You just have to see one time the advertising they are showing kids and you could not deny thaht telvision advertising arevdirected toward young children. It is more than obvious! Concerns know when and what to show on wich channel. As children are watching channels specifically for kids, concerns are using this fact, or even better, the young childtem to sell their products.

Should it be forbidden to direct television advertising toward young children (aged two to five)? 
Advertising serves to convince people to buy the product, so what is not right by showing adverts even to younger people? I don't think we should forbid it because the concerns just want to sell their toys, they aren't evil. 
If a mother or father has a problem with his  child watching those advertising, he sould not let him watch it or explain him seriously whats the point. All our lifes we will have to face advertising not just as a kid. 
I understand the problem with kids who are showed advertising. They are easier to persuade and afterwards the parents have to be the bad people who are not buying him the toys. But as I already said, if parents are having troubles with advertising, the should'nt allow their kids to watch television.
If we go further, we have to say that the whole TV program has a strong influence on us and our brains. Parents who have problems with the influence of advertising should face the real problem. Namely the whole entertainment program for kids and teenager. It is normal that we belive mostly what we watch. 

I thnk showing advertising yound children is the smallest problem, the parents just don't like it because they have to discuss with there children and be the bad ones who don't buy the toys.

