My name is Raven Van Wood, part I
Once upon a time not too long ago there was a girl. I was that girl. Let me tell you the story how I met my best friend. 
It was a thursday night and my frends and I were having a slumber party. I didn't have many friends in High School, but the ones I had were the best one could have. We had a slumber party because the next day I was supposed to leave town to go to college. I was very excited and I couldn't hide it to go to college, since it wasn't a typical one. They called it the college for special kids. And I was special. But anyway, I was excited to meet new people and make many friends. 
After my friends left, I packed all my stuff. My parents helped me doing that. I saw it in their eyes, that they were sad. Burt whenever I told them not to be sad they replied that they weren't sad but very excided for me. While packing I couldn't think about anything else, then that that would be my last night in my own bed. 
The next morning, my mom came into my room before the sun had risen. She came into my room with a plate full of pancakes and a big jar of nutella. I wondered it they would Have any Nutella at the college. After breakfast it was already 8 am and it was time for me to leave. I hugged my mom and my dad goodbye and stepped outside. My mom wanted to wait with me for the bus, but I told her not to embarass me infront of my new classmates.
I waited, and waited, and waited and after a long time the bus finally arrived. Maybe it was only five miutes that I waited but it felt like an hour. I got into the bus and it was huge and there was only one seat left, next to a little boy. I sat right next to him and asked what his name was. He wasn't very talkative but he vas very nice. His name was Bruce. After seven hours of busdriving, we finally arrived to our destination. Whitmorecollege. It was a huge place. there were about 12 buildings, one bigger than the other one. I just stood there and stared at the place. I never saw a school that big. I always went to a little school in my hometown. It had just about 200 stuents. But here there probably were about 2000 students, if not more. 
A very nice girl called Emily showed me to my room. I didn't have any roommate but I was kind of happy about it. My mother always told me stories about her annoying rommate and how she would have loved it to have a room by herself. 
The first class I had to attend was the following morning, so I had the whole evening to look around and unpack my stuff. It took me about an hour to unpack everything, so I still had an hour left until I was supposed to go to dinner. I asked Emily if she could give me a plan of the school ground and show me a bit around. She showed me the main building, it was a very old and elegant building. It reminded me a lot of the church in my hometown. 