I think this statement has a good point. In my opinion kids shouldn`t even be watching television at that age, but if they have to do so anyways, at least there shouldn`t be any advertising made and screened for them.
Let`s start with what kind of commercials there are for kids. Right now I have two of theme quite present. The first one is for Kinder chocolate. The second one for toys. 
I want to talk about the chocolate first. It`s a good thing to give your kid chocolate from time to time. Chocolate makes happy, tastes good and contains more iron than spinach does. But in the commercials you see on tv, they often make it seem as if the only thing that will make the child happy is chocolate. And not even normal chocolat, oh no that would be to boring. The chocolate the kids see on screen contains toys, has fancy names like Kinder Pingui (children will make the link to Penguin) and they are showed as the one and only thing you should recive as a snack during the break.
There`s this add right now where the kid walkes amelessly around the house. The mom comes and gives it a chocolate bar. It teaches out children that eating healthy isn`t normal and that if you are hungry, you should just eat chocolate. Don`t know what to do, eat chocolate. And in those products there are often some ingrediants that aren`t really healthy. In addition it creates an unhealthy relationship between children and food. If you have to direct foodcommercials to minors, at least do it with healthy things like fruits.
Now I`d like to change the topic to toys. Approximately 90% of the commercials we have on kids tv are about toys. A child that watches tv reguallarly will every two weeks see the new furreal friend, a new lego set or the new unicorns and what do I know. But a child from about 3 years won`t be able to make a difference between I need this and I want this. It`ll just see the happy faces of the kids on screen and thinks:"I want that too". It makes our kids unsattisfied with what they have, only seeing that new, cool stuff the kid on tv got and wants it too.

For children it`s really hard in general to make a differenc between the things that are real and the once that aren`t. Even as adults we sometimes struggle with it. So how should a kid decide what is important and what isn`t, in the world that we created?