We all know the way commercial TV makes revenue. - The name already says it, namely through commercials, shown during commercial breaks that might even last severaly minutes. The advertisement is often optimized for the target audience of the TV station. If the viewership are adults, we get ads for adult products, like cars for example. There are also programmes that are specifically made for the young audience, e.g. Cartoon Network. Their viewers are often little children and thus only advertisement optimized for this target group would make sense. One may ask however if this is good or not, or if it even should be forbidden.
It's obvious that the broadcasting corporation must make money in one way or another. If they don't generate revenue, they won't survive for long. The only way that a TV station can really make money is by commercials or product placement. If one would forbid them to do so, they will have to shut down in the forseeable future.
A downside of ads targeted at such young people is that the children might still easily influenced. After seeing an ad for the newest toy they are likely to want said toy from their parents. Not only can this result in high costs for the parents, but also in tears from the children when they don't get what they want.
Creating a desire in somebody through TV isn't only restricted to children. The same happes with adults all the time. If you would forbid commercial indoctrination by TV for children, shouldn't you do the same for adults? What difference does it make in the end of the day. 
The way many commercals work is that they try to convince people why their product is extraordinary. Often they want to make us believe that without their product one can't be happy anymore and that without it your life will be less good. This is very likely to give the young vieweship a wrong image about the world. For example one can only have a nice skiing holiday when going to a resort with the latest and greatest activities for children. Kids often don't understand the concept of money and won't understand when the parents tell them that something like that is really expensive and not really doable. They'll get sad if their wishes won't be fullfilled. 
In some way you can't just blame the television networks for all this. It's also the parents who should take responsebility and avoid that their children are being exposed to ads that the parents don't want them to see. To some extend the ones being in charge of them should make sure that what is being seen by them isn't harmful in any way or another.
I personally think that both the parents and the television networks should take responsebility for what is being broadcastet during commercial breaks. In my opinion most commercials (that clearly appear as a commercial) are fine. The only thing I can see being problematic are product placements. The kids won't notice that it's a paid ad and thus might be influenced more easily. If I had a say in what is transmitted, I would make sure that the products advertised are both childfriendly and reasonable. I wouldn't want products to be shown that would come at a high cost for the parents or ones that aren't suitable for childreno of any age.