The question if young children should be allowed to watch TV is a discussed matter, which the parents should consider and think about early. But the Advertisement companies clearly also do have children as their target audience. The question wether or not this is a good thing might be heavily discussed too.
The first thing to say is that mostly those advertisements quite appropriate for children. The often do publicity for toys or dolls. So the danger of heaving ones child wanting inappropiate things would be small, if it was only watching those publicity. But there are other kinds of publicities, shows and series on the TV that a four year old kid should not watch. And that is the real problem. While wachting the shows and publicity that are meant for children, the children might get to see other things that are not meant for its eyes. And with those child-meant-publicities the advertisement companies lure children to the TV. 
What is more children will want to possess the products which are being advertised for. So parents will have to buy the toys and dolls. Children can develop a weak way of a shoppaholic. And if parents are not able to afford those toys the children might get angry or maybe even bullied when the get one or two years older. And children are already being transfered an ideologized picture of the society. Dolls are a good example for that. Our society nowadays is advertising for a lot of unhealthy lifestiles and trends. Like the trend to be really skinny. Dolls are really skinny too (e.g. Barbie) and with those dolls children at a very young age are already confronted with the idea that the skinnier and more beautiful a person is the better it is. This is very unhealthy.
But on the contrary there are some useful products being merchandised for. Products which can help kids with learning the alphabet or preschool learning or even products that simplify the daily life for children who have physical ord mental issues. So it can turn to be a good thing if children get this product. 
All in all I still think that advretisement for young children is not the best thing. Beacause children should not watch so much TV and dangers and problematic matter can come along with the publicity, even if it wasn^t meant to be dangerous in the beginning.