Specific Advertisement for Children

Everyone knows the feeling when you start your TV and and the first thing you see is advertisement. Everybony hates it but this is how the television-programs are financed. But is it right to advertise specific stuff for children, who are two to five years old in the brake of a childrens' show?

This should not be forbidden especialy not for children-advertisement because they dont have the economic power to the advertised things anyway. They can't buy the advertised stuff and are therefore not influenced by the advertisement. 
This is not true at all. Firstly children are very easyly influenced by  advertisement and secondly, even if they themselves don't have the needed money to buy those things, most certainly the parents do. So indirectly the children then influence the parents and push them into buying stuff they saw on TV. This may sound a little unplausible but as child one has a big power to stess parents and also to make them have mercy. 

Most of the advertisements contain brutal things that aren't made for childrens eyes and ears. So in these spots the violence somtimes is even praysed. Ant this would lead to a new generation whose priorities are set wrongly. 
But if you thinke these advertisements are bad you couldn't allow your child to wacht any TV because even ost of the Series and Films that are approved for children contain violent actions. Anyhow children dont have to watch TV at all and if you are a good parent, you would check that what your child is watching is   okey to be watched by someone his or her age. This would elminatethe necessarity of a law against advertisments directed to children.

But those rules are there for films and series. So why not make any for television advertisement. One is not allowed to show any advertisement, which might be missunderstood in the cinema. And especially for children it is very difficult to whithdraw themselves from such advertisement and to live an easy uninfluenced life. 

In the end I think it is important to define this law more clearly. Is all advertisement vorbidden or only violent ones? This has to be cristal clear before can even start talking about the necessarity of such a low. So in my opinion a law against advertisements whith violent contente would be important. 