Sould television advertising directed toward young children be allowed? With this statement the advertisement for things, especially very young children would wan`t, is questioned. 

First of all I wan`t to refer to a core value of our swiss constitution: freedom. Freedom is a very important core value of our society and by prohibiting television advertisement directed to young children this value would be severly affected. Erverybody should be able to advertise for any products he thinks are worth advertising for, be that a product for very young or very old consumers.
Secondly especially young children like advertisement and they are often very fascinated by the colorful and often funny ads. Advertisement also doesn`t force the children to do anything. Therefore it doesn`t really make sense to forbid something that simply brings joy to some people.
Furthermore young children like to get their ideas for their birthday and christmas wishes from magazines, so why not from television?

On the other hand side one has to consider that young children are very easy to manipulate. With a less experienced and educated mind they are a easy target for advertising and can more easily fall for subjective and incorrect advertisement.
Also the children who saw those ads can afterwards be so obsessed with the presented article that the could try and force their parents into buying that product for them.
Finally by allowing television advertising directed toward young children on secretly supports young children in watching TV. It is scientifically proven that TV is not good for young children and can really hinder their development. Is a thing so bad for the childs development really to be supported?

To sum up there are pros and cons for both sides. One carefully has to evaluate those arguments to make a decision. In my opinion freedom as a core value of the swiss constitution is to be promoted as much as possible. Also advertisement musn`t just be a bad thing, it can amuse and bring joy. with regard to these arguments I am definetly for allowing television advertisement directed toward young children.