In this essay I am going to look at the question if television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed. 
First of all, why should it be forbidden. There is television advertising for children in every age. There is no point that makes the advertising for the young children in any kind different from the one for older once. For example when there is shown fashion advertising on television older children want as well,what they see. This is not about the age of the children. Further how should little boys and girls know what they want when they don't see it on the television? There might be parents that go shopping without their babies. So the little girl would never see the dolly she wants! Then the advertising is also really important for chirstmas. The grand parents that don't know the child really well maybe don't know what to offer him. So by watching television advertising the child might tell its relatives its wishes. 
But on the other hand we all know that little children are fascinated by nearly everything. So when they see a zoo in the television, they want to go to the zoo. When they see a little train, they want to play with this train. Also there is a problem when the parents don't have much money and so can't afford to buy many toys. Children in this age can't understand what it means to have money or no money. They just see something they want to have, and when they don't get it, they get sad and start to cry. Further little boys and girls don't get any poket money. Older people can buy things themselves by getting poketmoney or even having a little job for example babysitting. But for little children in every case the parents or any other relative has to pay for whatever a child wants. Another problem is, that advertising doens't tell the truth. Mature people know that, they can handle with it. But when little children see something so exiting they want to have it immediatly because they can't understand that is is just a lie. Also because the advertisement is moving and there is maybe music and many colours children might find something interesting just because of the advertising not because they like the actual object. For example when I was small I totally wanted to have such a thing with different symbols on it and when you turn it you'll never know which symbol is coming. But when my parents bought it for me, I didn't want to play with it because then I found it boring. 
Over all I can say that I am against television advertising directed toward young children. But I also think that the advertising directed to children that don't have own money should not be allowed because I think that in the end this is just a trick to get parents to buy something for their babies that they actually would never have bought if their children wouldn't have seen the advertisiment and so wanted to have it. Everyone knows how little children are, they change their minds every few seconds. This is totally normal and allowed because they are children, but for that point it is not fair to direct advertising to children.