Children are very easy to influence. By showing them food, toys and other things that they like but do not already have, the chance is high that they try to persuade their parents of buying it for them. Furthermore, television for children is made to show them different stories and characters with which they can identify. Television advertising interrupts these stories and movies children are watching and with that, their concentration towards the story or storyboard. Showing the children more and more of toys that they do not even need, makes them addicted to it and has brainwash potential.
On the other hand, advertising is always on television, wether it is directed to children or not. In this case it would not be wrong to direct advertising especially to children instead of adults, it is even more interesting for them. Advertising can not only be found on television but all over the place. In many cases it is important to have the skills of reading to understand the meaning, which children of five years do not already have. With television advertising that includes the written and spoken words as well as pictures of the product, let's say of a barbie, children start to compare the letters and the voice and try to understand it. Through that, reading and auditive understanding are improved. The other advantage is clearly made for the toy and movie industry, which produces the products treated in the advertising spots. The consume-behaviour of children is totally different than the one of their parents. Children at an age of five can not really consider wether they need something very bad or not. If they have success with convincing their parents of buying the things they want, the industry can make a big success out of it.

To sum all the arguments up, I agree to the statement that it should not be allowed for the reason of influencing children and trimming them to consume more and more. Of course it depends on the point of view and especially on the interest but  children should learn on their own to decide if they need something or not and not be brainwashed through funny TV-spots with their favourite songs and colours in it.