Television advertising toward young children

Advertisment is in our society follows us everywhere and we see it in television, placards, the internet and magazins. They affect us in various ways. Most of them are for advertising clothes or parfumes for adults but some exist which concern small children between kindergarden and preschool. We do not exactly know how it can affect them. So the question we must ask ourselves is if it should be allowed to create advertisment directed towards children at such a young age?

Small children are very naive and they tend to believe everything an adult tells them without any doubts. If a grown up man or woman tells them in television something about how great a product is the kids will most certainly believe them. They can be influenced much easier than adults in a way their own parents cannot do much against. For example when a small boy sees in television between two episodes of his favorite cartoon movie that the newest toy race car can now even climb stairs and he sees how other boys in his age have fun with it he will urgently want this toy and quarrel with his parents and try to force them to buy it for him without regards to the price. 

Perhaps for that nowadays advertisment is such an everyday accompagnant it is important that also children face it in an early stage of their lifes so they can deal with it later in life. The parent's task is that they inform their kids about commercials and they should show them that you should not everything you see in television take for granted and believe what you see. It can be a good thing for young children to learn about such things from an early age. 

I personally think that it should be allowed to create commercials for young children and they do not have to face adult's advertisment which they do not understand in their young age and they often contain sexual pictures which is disturbing for young children. I also think that it is a good opportunity for children to learn about deciding what is fake and what is real which they can do well in children's commercials.