"Television advertising"

"Television advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed." this is a clear statement but should we really forbid this kind of advertisement?

On one hand it is easy to say: "You shouldn't advertise your products to a target audience that is aged between two to five years old." Simply because they are easy to influence and it would be unfair and not right to tell them what they should like and should want. But on the other hand TV advertising clearly works on grown up humans. We still let ourselves be convinced by advertisements on what we should like and what not, what we should want and what not. So shouldn't we ban all advertisements?

A second argument would be that if we really banned ads for children between two and five years old a lot of people would lose their job. First of all, all these people engaged in these ads would lose their jobs. Camera men, directors, people who write jingles, advertising companies even the TV station who would show these ads would have to find something new to fill this spot. And let's not forget about the people who are advertising this product. Companies who produce games or barbies etc. for small children would have to close because if they are not allowed to advertise their product, they aren't going to sell it well enough to survive. A lot of these companies would have to close and with that thousands of people would lose their job.

A third argument would be that children aged between two and five years old should not be let watching TV a lot. Especially because of medical reasons. If the parents don't want them to be exposed to TV ads they can also show them movies without any advertisment in them.

To conclude I have to say that I'm not a big fan of TV advertisements. I didn't like them as a child and I don't like them now as an adult. Yes you are easy to influence when you are a kid but so are we as adults. The big problem I see is that advertising has grown into a huge industry. You can't just tell them they should stop targeting little children with their ads. They will simply switch target to the mothers or fathers. I myself think that it is good to be exposed to advertising as a child. You'll learn quicker that you don't always get what is promised to you in ads and I think it will help you later on in your life to not always believe evrything that is being told to you is true. It's better to get used to it early on than just being isolated from the world we live in and once you are an adult, away from home, you fall for advertisements and have to learn it the hard way late in your life.