Are children to naive to have their own advertising? 

Kinderschokolade , McDonalds and many other companies are doing television advertising manly directed toward young children. Now some people question the society if it shoul be allowed to exist or maybe it would be better if Happy Meal and co. is banished from the televisions. 

It's certainly true that children , especialy of the age of two to five, are easly manipulated to various parts. But gives this us the right to stop commercials only because our child is to naive to understand it ? 

Let us take the example of McDonald's and the Happy Meal. Every view months McDonalds is brining a new toy for the Happy Meal on the market. For sure it is a way to sell more because everyones knows that children like to collect. Surely now in some parents heads an alarm in rining and saying it is not good to eat with the children often in McDonald's and that it maybe is even evil. But we should be faire with each other. If an super healthy foord concern would be able to pack our child's interesst as much as McDonald's do we all would be super happy and noone would be against it. 

The same goes with Kinderschokolade. If they were not chocolate but for example tomatoes or carrot-sticks would be still be against it too? Imagine a super healthy and happy child on the package and insidesome yummy carrots. Certainly it would be a huge succes. 

France as an example in television advertising had brought this theme to a whole new level. they must write at the bottom of every commercial a sentence like : " try to not eat during meals " or " Try to advoide eating to salty or to fatty food " and so on. That's a way too so solve the problem and to still not forbidding a comercial.

In my opinion it should be absolutly allowed to direct commercials  towards young children. It is way of bussines and marceting and it should be the responsibility of the parents to watch over a childs behavior or like in my examples "eating habbits".  But if we should be chaning something i think France is doing it quite good with the sentences at the bottom even if not every child can read them. I think television advertising is the only way to influence a child to eat healty and to have a stable life.


