Since the drastical change of the industrial revolution and the beginning of the modern era mankind started to consume more and more. Not only products, which are essential for the survival like food and drinks but also luxuries started to become everyday consumables. With this drastic change a whole new science got the spotlight of univerities and scientists, the economical sciences. Today we are used to being confronted by flashy and intriguing advertisments with every step we take and people of all ages, from toddlers to pensioneers, are targeted by a vast variety of companies. In this essay I want to discuss the moral behind advertisment aimed towards children between two and five and if there are any risks that need to be taken into consideration.

On one hand it seems perfectly logical to aim advertisments towards the need of little children. Reproduction has been essential for the survival of every living being and by adapting and adding this special stage of our life to the laws of economic we not only create a bigger benefit for the market as whole but we also support families and toddlers where there is a need for knowledge or help, for example if the kid suffers from minor medical issues and the parents are not capable of finding a solution. The parents also are guardians and protectors of the kid and as grown-up individuals are capable of saving their children from dangerous influences and deciding what is best for their well-being.

On the other hand does the age not tell you anything about the maturity and knowledge of a person. Even parents can be tricked by sly companies with good-looking advertisments. Nobody but the little child himself would have to bear the consequences of such a fraud and as a fragile being the worst possible outcome is certainly the death of the infant. Another argument agains advertisment for toddlers is that advertisment create a false image of society. During 18 years kids and teenagers are tought moral standards but the deepest rooted ones are the ones created in the early childhood. It's not possible to let companies control and educate the consumers of the next century and therefore it brings a high risk to destabilize the whole market.

In consideration of everything I have to say that it is delusional to think one could exclude toddlersand their consumables from the market. But there certainly is a need for various people and institutions such as parents or the state itself to control this advertisment and make sure it does not cross a line or starts acting out of pure greed for benefit. As always it's a fragile equilibrium that needs to be supported by everyone.