Young children often can not understand things like adults. They do not know that television advertisings can sometimes pretend to be something that they are not. Children aged two to five can not handle this kind of advertising because they believe everything someone says.

In my opinion, I do not think that this is fair and because of this, I agree with this statement. If a young child is watching television and an advertising for a toy for example appears all the time, they start to like it and then they want to own it. This is the problem in that case. Young children are very naive so they believe everything that was mentioned in television. Maybe the parents should not let theit children watch television on their own. But that would be way too complicated and because of this, in my opinion television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. 

On the other hand, the companys earn their money like this. It is their job to make people interested in their products. And children are the best age-group because, like I said, they want to have everything a person talks about that is appealing to them. The company just has to make it appealing to the young children. But as soon as the advertising has toys in it or something like that, the television advertising has earned the attention of the child.

Nevertheless, I think that there has to be an alternative to this problem. Maybe television advertising should only be allowed on channels for adult people and not on a kids channel. Because adults are old enough to interpret the product and also to judge it. They can decide on their own if they want to have it or not. In my opinion, this would be a very good solution to this issue.

To conclude, I think that it is not right to influence young children by advertising in television. They want to have everything someone talks about and they believe everything that they hear in television. Because of that, in my opinion it should be prohibited to show television advertising directed toward young children.