Now a days there are so many commercials everywhere! Many of those advertismens are trying to convince the younger population to buy or do something. For example an advertisment in the televison for a toy car. This commercial is obviously directed to young children. Especially around christams there are so many commercials like that  in the TV that try to convince children to believe that they need this toy. The Problem is that the children that are watching this advertisment are not able to make up their minde about the toy. Questions like do I really want this toy or is the toy too expansive are not important for the child, the only thing the child cares about is, that the toy looks like fun in the commercial so it would be great to have it. So what is going to happen is, that they will put it on their wish list for christmas and hope that Santa ( their parents) will give it to them. The positive aspect of this whole situation is , that the economy can make huge porfits. The negative aspect is that most children are not going to use the toy, that they got for christmas, more that one or two times. The reason for this is, that the child didn't really know what to expect from the toy or how it would be to play with  in reallity. So the child has huge espectations of the toy because the producer of the advertisment used a bunch of special effects to make it look more fun but than when the child acctually plays with the toy it sees that it isn't as cool to play with as they thought and so they go and play with something else that they enjoy more.
My conclusion is that i do support television advertisments that are directed toward young children, because it is important for the industry so that they can sell more and make bigger profits on the other hand is it a waist of money for the parents who have to buy the toy for their child. An other positive aspect for me is that the child may learn something out of this situation and won't put as much trust in the commercial next time and my even think about it a second time before they want something. 