Today I will write an essay about the statement if "television advertising directed toward yound children should not be allowed". Or in other words, in my words, if television publication toward young children has some negatives or positives influences to children's life. 

In my opinion, I think it plays an important role, about which theme this television advertising directed toward young children is. When they cansee some advertising about a movie or serie with sexual backround, then it would be a negative influence. Because they can not understand the problematic about this sort of film. But when the publication is about a documentary, which can influence the children in a positive meaning, than I think it would be great, when the children are informed about this documentary.

Also a point, the children have to understand about which thematic this serie/film is.  When they can not understand, what this type of film/serie would say to them. An exemple, if the publication is about an unreal theme, they get a false picture of the world.

A positive aspect is, the children can watch films and series in which they could be interested. And when the publication is about a documentary, the children can learn a lot of things, in which they are interested and had not known before.

Another positive point about the television publication is, that the children learn the handle with our digital world. They have to find out, what they like or do not like about our digital world. They can learn how they have to handle with this storm of publication. 

My opinion about this statement is: Children aged two to five are too young to understand the "television world". It is too difficult to understand the "world from the olders". My wish for the future is, that my children would have grown up in a world full of magic moments in reallife. I think it plays an important role, that children grow up in a natural world. They have to observe the world with all the advantages and disadvantages. And when they would see a television advertising, they would be just influenced in the digital world. I'm very happy about my childhood, in which I grew up in a natural and realistic world. I had made my own observes and I'm thankful for that. 