First of all, in our days there aren't many advertisements directed towards young children aged two to five. Some advertisements though illustrate toys or objects to play with, which are for young kids. But now is the question, should television advertising be allowed for this young audience? Are there more advantages or disadvantages? Let's analyse this phenomen.
Generally, technology develops from time to time and becomes better and we can see that there's a big progress everytime we take a look at the technology development. Seeing kids in a young age holding a mobile phone and texting messages or surfing on the internet, becomes more commun than ever before. And the same situation is present in the tv-audience. We all know that all around the world, there is a huge amount of tv-watchers. And to present new products or new devices there's nothing more clever than for a firm to advertise its product on the tv, where a lot of people could get interested to it and buy it. This is the market world, it's the way it works, with a good advertisement u can convince people to buy the product which is presented. Lots of children stare at the tv-screen for hours and fill their day watching tv programes. And during the breaks, advertisements are showed. For example some are more directed to women, some more for men,and of course some more for our beloved children. And all people know, that if a new product on the tv is ready to get selled, and it looks cool, children get convinced and become so stubborn, because they want their parents to buy it. It has always been like this till now. And regarding our critical question, if also advertisements directed to really young children aged two to five should also be made to convinced this kind of audience, is probably a realy critical question. How can toys shop (shops for young children) sell their new products if their advertisements aren't allowed directed to their personal audience on the tv? The tv is most of the time especially in families on. The chance that a young child sees the new product illustrated ond on the tv is much higher than in a shop behind the vetrine. Generally the parents shouldn't allow their young children to sit in front of the tv and stare on the screen for hours, this has its health reasons, but if the children see suddenly an advertisement directed for them, and they like how the toy  looks like or whatever it could be, why not buy it? I'm convinced that advertisements directed toward young children shouldn't be banned, every firm or shop has the right to advertise its product,if at the end they don't gain a lot, it's their problem, but they still have to have the right to present them on the tv, even if it's especially directed to young kids. 