As a child, I loved watching TV. The colourfull pictures and impressions would just flash across my vision. I was fascinated by the persuading images and was proud of having an activity in common that so many adults also enjoyed. After watching the commercials during the breaks of my favorite TV shows, I would run to my mother and try to persuade her into buying me all those cool toys. But is it correct of the advertisers to make commercials directed towards yound children between the age of two to five or should it be forbidden?

From my point of view, a young child is not able to think rationally and decide if an advertisment is accurate or not. It just sees the pretty colours and the nice women talking directly to them to try to sell a product. They are influenced by many small factors, like the specture of colours, the different animated characters and so on. For example a commercial for cereals that has a monkey who is acting funny and being silly makes the children watching the commercial feel happy and confident. It is not the cereal itself that looks appealing to them. So how could they even be able to tell that that chocolate in there isn't healthy for them.
In addition to that, many parents aren't able to tell their children no. They get that a child is into something and just want to make their child happy. Because of that, it can happen that the chocolate cereal, to further explain my previous example, has a bad influence on the kids health and many parents wouldn't even want to prevent it.
Besides that, these commercials usually use other younger aged children, to persuade the child in front of the monitor. They may seem cool while they consume a good or service and that then makes the child, which has an impact on their customer, the parent, think it is cool to use it. In this case, the kid's trust to other children is cruelly used. If the child then has a bad experience with the good or service, it can only remember how it's trust into the kid from the advertisment was used against it, they may even feel betrayed and feel the same way a lot faster, when it comes to other children in their school for example.

To conclude, I do not think, it is morally correct to use the innocent children in such a way, because at such a young age they are not able to judge in the same way, we as adults are. If there are commercials for children, they should first be checked by a third party, and then be shown on television.

