In the modern age, children grow up watching TV. It's seen as a normality that children watch TV Series from a young age.But even Channels that were made for kids, such as Disney Channel, have advertising breaks. In these breaks, nearly all adverts are directed toward young children. In these adverts, often young kids or mascots are playing with the newest toys while singing or dancing. These advertisments often make kids want the toys, or worse, make them want to be like the people in the advertisment. So should television advertising directed toward young children even be allowed?

Some people might say yes, they should be allowed. It's the parents responsibilty to protect theire children. If they don't wannt theire children to be victims of the modern world, it's on them to forbid theire children to watch TV. That's something every family has to decide on it's own. But forbidding these adverts won't be the solution. Many children like them because of the catchy music or the fun dancing. And they don't take any harm from it. It's ridiculus to think that a two year old girl would compare herself to the twelve year old in the advert. 

On the other hand, there are many people who would forbid such advertisments. It's just another way to make children feel bad about themselfs. "Why don't I have long blonde hair like this girl, mummy?" "Why don't I have these shiny shoes?" These are just some of the questions, parents have to deal with on a daily basis thanks to television advertisments directed to young children. In familys who don't have the money to buy the newest toys or cloths, it's even harder. Adverts like these make them have to explain to theire three year old, that they can't buy these things, because they haven't got the spare money. So these children are being made aware of theire familys financial problems at a young age. Is this what you want? 

I think television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed, because they're unnessesary and cause more problems than you would expect. 