Advertisings have become a big part of todays television programms. There are different advertisings and many of them are directed toward children. Now the question came up if television advertisings that are directed toward children should not be allowed.

On the one hand the advertisings are really manipulative. They are made in a way that they reach the childrens attetion and that is what they want. As son as a child has seen it, it wants to have it and in many cases the parents buy it for them. So the important thing about it is that they already start with the maipulation at young age in order to have them as clients when they are bigger. Furthermore children dont know anything about economy and so they can not know if it is something good or not, they just see something and then they want it. That is the reason why it makes no sense to advertise for such young people because the parents of them are responsible for them.

On the other hand we also should have a look at the people that are advertising for their products. They just make their job and they want to make as much money as possible like everyone else does. If they do good work they have more clients and earn more money so from their point of view they are successful and they see no point in not allowing advertising that are directed to young children.Additionally we also have to mention that children at this age should not watch that much television.  so they would not even have the opportunity to be confronted to that advertisings. It is the parents duty to control whaht their children watch and how long. So it is in their hand if their child gets to see those advertisments or not. 

On balance I think that this is a topic that should be discussed  more beacuse nowadays we are living in a world full of advertisings and manipulation. From my point of view advertisings that are directed to children should be allowed . The main reason why I am cleary against not allowing it is that it is in every parents hand to decide wether they want to let advertising convince their children or not and if they are not intelligent enough it is their own fault and not the mistake of the one that is advertising.