Advertising is everywhere. Even we don't want to admid it, but everyone is malipulated by it. We rather buy something, we already heared of, than something, that is completly new. While adults still know, that it's not believable, what's shown in the advertisments, children aged two to five for example, can't make a difference between a friend, who likes his new teddybear, or a money orientated comertial. Shouldn't we protect children that young from those manipulative television advertising?

The ads aren't only watched by the children. A parent who is in search of a new birthday gift for the child, is surley thankful, if there is something seen in television, the child may like. Or the child even sees the product it likes in the television, and asks for it. That happens in magazenes too, we can't illegalize to get the product for children not to be brought to the people by advertisment. Children might even get less funstuff, if the parents don't know what to buy for them.
Can children really make a difference, between something they will have fun with and something the will throw in the thrash after two days? I don't think so. Even if the parents still are the ones who buy, they often can't resist in the hope of making their child happy. If it wants something, it gets it.
That isn't nessesarely bad. Even if the children won't have a lot of fun with it, it is still good for the economy to sell something.
When a child sees a little modelcar in the television, thinks it is just as awesome as showen in the advertisment, gets it after asking and asking from it's parent, but in the end it's actually not half as good as beleaved, is that really good? Wouldn't that make a child very sad?
That is a experience that the children may should have in early age. The experience, that nothing is as good, as showen in the ads. Later they will be bomed with advertisment anyway. Better learning early.

If they can't learn, that whats good in the ads isn't always good in real-life by themselfes, there are still the parents, who should show their child what is good for it, and what not. There is no good reason to not allow television advertising directed toward young children. It is something we have to learn to be with.
