It is believed by some people that television advertising directed toward young children aged under five should not be allowed. Since there is the possibility of manipulation of young children, parents fear the risk of letting their children watch television. 
A young child watching television will probably not be able to understand anything it is watching. Since it is only two and not over five, it is very hard for a child to get what is happening. It also does not understand if a clip it sees on television is an ad or just a movie. So since it is not able to understand what is really going on on television, why would there be a law to prohibit television advertising toward young children aged from two to five? 
Even tough it is already able to talk and most of the time understands what you are telling them, there comes the risk of manipulation. A child aged from two to five is way too young to be confronted with such a topic. Like I already said, it is too young to understand that it is manipulated, but since it understands what you are talking about in a conversation, it is able to make a connection in their head and realise that it likes what it sees. So with an easy ad, a child can be manipulated into the consuming world very fast, which is way too early. 
What children watch on television could also be read in a book by their parents. So why even show them television in such a young age? It could be possible that their brains could not evaluate as good as a child, who grew up without a television, did. Because by watching television they do not learn the ability of thinking by themselves but let others think for them. Children should be able to play outside and really enjoy their childhood without being confronted with any other problems such as manipulations and stuff like this.
I believe that children from aged two to five should not be confronted with television advertising, because they do not learn the ability of thinkinng by themselves or are manipulated way too early.  