Advertisement targeting childres has been a controvercial method to boost profits and is now widely discussed in many communities since a nordic state banned them inorder to keep the children out of the market as customers. In this following text I am going to give arguments for and against this statement inorder to aquire a better level of understanding of this problem. In the end I will state my own opinion on this topic.

First, children are the the targetgroup of whole industries. Especially the toy industry, but also the industry for electronic devices or sportsarticels relies heavilly on their underaged customers. If advertising directed towars children was not possible anymore, those industries would have very big profit cuts eventually resulting in many peolple who have to leave their job. Therefore the children are a too heavilly relied on targetgroup to just give them up.

But children are not able yet to determine wheather they really need something or they just want it. Also the question arises, if the advertised toy or device is good for their developement. Better commercial does not automatically mean better toy. Since the advertisingindustry uses cheap psychological tricks in their commercials inorder to get the children to wanting their products, not the children but the parents should be targeted in the commercials. It is also their money plus their decition how to raise their children

On the other hand, children cannot be protected from the influence of commercials. If they never hade to resist the urge to buy something, only because they had seen it on television, they are not going to be able to hold themselves back, when they are old enough to buy their own products. This will for sure lead into a higher rate of juvenile consumer debt.

But finally, not the children but their parents walk into a store, take an article and lay the money on the table. The child is just a manipulated family member that pushes his parents to buy stuff it most probably does not need at all. To get there the advertisers want the children to produce tentions between the children and their parents by desperately asking for some article they don't need. In the end many parents give in just to have a good time with a not whining child. But what the parents olny recognise too late ist that by a behaviour like this the kid will only get spoiled.

In the end I don't think that it is a good way to protect the children by shielding them entirely from everything. But it is also important not to expose them to a "full load" from zero to onehundred. I think it is good to control the dvertisementindustry and to give them some restrictions. This would not lead into a "toycrisis" but still keep the children guarded from annoying their parents over actually unimportant "issues".