Television advertising can influnce people a lot. Most of these advertises are towards adults or young people, but there are also some advertises for small children. Big companies trie with these advertises to persuade the children to buy their products. 

Television advertising toward young children should not be allowed because toddlers are really easy to influence. The look what their parents or siblings do and imitate it. It would be the same with the products from the advertises. When they see those things in the advertises the think they are good and want it. But they have no money to buy it, so they demand theire parents or other relatives. Because the small children are so sweet and always start to cry when they don't get they things the asked for, they buy it for them. Another reason against these television advertising is, that young children have already a trendfeeling. For example when all their friends have the same pupet and the know it already from the television they want it too. They buy it with their little money they have or wish it for christmas or as a birthday present. Also a reason to not allow such advertises is that the young children are really easy to influence. When they see a toy in the television advertising and in the advertising film are children that laugh and look happy, they think when they have that toy, they would have a lot of fun too and so they want it. In addiction are these television advertises really expensive and companies spend a lot of money on them. But children should not watch too much tv. They should go in the garden and play outside with friends. The only reason for these advertisings is, that the companies that sell the products can make their products really popular and  gain much money. 

I think advertsing is a good thing to convince people to buy your products, but small children aren't the right persons. They are too easy to influence. First they have to learn by their own what's important for their life and what not. Those television advertises creat just a wrong picture from the world. 