Television is a big part of our childhood and so is advertisement. Parents hate it, because it causes exhausting fights against crying children, wanting that one product they saw in TV. But is it reasonable to not allow advertisement directed toward young children? Every parent taking part of this discussion would be screaming YES loudly, heavily relieved. If they let their children watch spongebob, they always have to check wether the ad is already over or not to avoid the exhausting drama of kids wanting new stuff all over the time. It would be so much easier without this stupid ad. But let's be honest, we live in a world full of advertisement. The TV is only a small part of all those firms wanting us to buy their stuff. Wherever we go, there's always ad and we are so used to this that we don't even look at all those placards, writings and short video clips. It's an illusion if you want to bring up your children wihtout the affection of advertising. And I know it might be very hard for parents stopping their children from wanting everything, but it's not only the TV that is the main problem. If you take your child shopping once, it will be horrifying to walk past all this choccolate without buying any, while everyone stares at you because your child screams loudly. We live in a generation of consummation and one of the most important things to teach our children is how to deal with all those amazing things you could buy everywhere.
If it was forbidden to publish ad directed toward kids, you will have problems to deal with them screaming at the age of 10. There is no TV without advertisement as they grow old. We live in this world and thats the way advertisement tries to trick us all, so we have to teach our children the ability of saying no and being capable to not buy everything that seems cool from their very first year. There may be parents who want to save their children from all this consume and who would love to watch TV without advertisement, but I think there are ways for them to avoid this. And if you really want to do good to your child, don't even let it watch TV too much from two to five. Let it play in the woods!