I think it is not very good when young chhildren aged under five years watch tv. If children in this age already begin to watch tv, there is a high risk of treat the child unwell because if they sit a long time in front of the television, they don't have to think by themselves and I think it isn't very good for their eyes.

When there is advertising in the television, young children can't think about it and just want to have the advertised product, because the advertising says if the little child has the product, it will be happier berfore. And of course such a little child would like to be a little be happier and if the product makes the kid happier, what else does it need? A little kid hasn't a reason like it gets when it grows, and this means that it can't think about the product and if the product is really as good as shown in the advertising.

In another point there is a risk for parents by letting their children watch tv, because if their children want to have absolutely a product after watching television, it is the own problem of the parents if they get angry because their child wants to have something absolutely.


All in all, I think it is the own problem of the parents if they let watching their children tv in such a young age. My opinion is that it is risky to let children watch television in a young age, because then they don't have to think by themselves and they just sit on the couch and watch straight forward. This means they could get physical and psychical problems, what could be incorrect.

But if the parents let their children watch tv, it is their own problem if they get problems with their child because it wants absolutely to get a product. This means that I think television advertising directed towards young children shouldn't get unallowed, because I think the television is a product made for a little bit older people and the tv programs are free programs and they can advertise whatever they want, except of bad advertising. So if the children see something on the tv what they would like to have, I thik they can get it if they want.