We live in a world full of every possibly imaginable merchandise, and each of it has a matching advertisement. As this has become normal in our western society, we're kind of used to the constant promotion, especially to television advertising. But while grown-ups can mostly deal with these constant offers of sometimes desirable objects, it is to question how small children from age two to five deal with such situations.

If you look at it from an economical point of view, it can be said that advertising is a big and helpful tool to promote new products which means more income for the producers of this product. As there is an immense market of lots of different offers around, this has become more and more important for companies to stand out against concurrents.
Another important aspect is that advertising can also be helpful for costumers as it sometimes helps to discover new and interesting products an to be able to decide quicker what is best for oneself. A lot of people like to get informed about new products and their advantages.
And why should this process stop when it comes to children? They're humans too, and humans have their natural needs.

On the other hand, children from two to five are in the middle of their development. They don't know the meaning of money and they can't think about what they really need. If they see an object, they just immediately decide wheter they're interested or not, and if they won't get what they want, they will show their disappointment by crying and complaining, which is not very desirable for their parents.
Regarding these children's not fully developped skills of cognitive skills as speaking and thinking, they are easily to be influenced by everything that surrounds them. This means that they can also be manipulated by televsion advertisements with ease, which does not at all seem morally correct.

On the whole, I don't see the need of adressing television advertising to young children. What they need in this age is love from their parents and many opportunities to play and learn. They will not be able to understand the meaning behind advertisements. And they will have the same interest in a brick on the ground as in a colourful gadget worth 100 dollars.
