I want to state the cons first. I think it is not very good making advertisements like that. Lets give it a look from the psycological side. Young children get influenced very fast and that by nearly anything at that age. That is probably even a scientific fact. Big toy companies can aim for that age with some advertising and hook up the children with their goodlooking toys. This may sound pathetic in a way, but it really is. Children in that certain age are not mature enought to handle money with the same value as to an adult and if the companies don't mess up the ad they can really inplant the wish for that toy in a childs mind. That sounds very negative for sure, but it can definitely cause some harm. For example a poor family is watching tv, then there is that ad about what not of a toy and the boy/girl is totally into that. They want it at any circumstance, but because of the familys lag at money they can't afford it. That is unpleasent for the child and for the parens as well. The next negative thing i noticed when I was watching tv as a child, the stereotypes. Girly stuff is totally covered in pink and the boys stuff is full of manly things or styles. I can understand why companies make that but it is not helping children getting along eachother better than without toys. As an example I can take my childhood. There were some cool toys for girls and I really liked them. Because of the Pink package, pink manual, pink toy itself tho, I never really wanted to get them. It's kind of a little detail, but when there was something you liked and it wasn't for your gender, it was not really acceped by others. Profit is the companies goal and I'm totally fine with that. But the companies have to spread the awareness about their products, so advertising is still a profitable thing to do. And when there was something I was looking for and it was mentioned in an advertisement, I was happy. 
Basically I think these advertisements should still be allowed, but regulated by some laws concerning the psycological 