Today most of these children are watching tv or playing games on the Ipad every day. So they are confronted with advertising in different ways. I don't really know if they recognize it truly when they play a game or watching a film. But the advertising has not to be an advertising aged for older people. They shouldn't see any advertising which they don't really understand. But I think it shouldn't be banded because everywhere are advertising messages in your life and older people are confronted too with them why not young kids too? It's not anything that hurts or makes your stupid, it's just a way get more customers for this product. Some could say you should not manipulate such young kids and it's horrible for the parents when their kids want to have all these toys or other things which they've seen in the television. I think it would be better when those kids could go in the city and walk into a store and see what they really want to have. Not that they are at home sitting on the couch and drinking a soft drink while they're watching tv and then they see what they want to have. Also young people are interested in many different things so if they see a teddybear they wanna have it or if they see not real money to play with they also want to have it too. For the parents it's not everytime easy to complain why they can't have all those toys and things they've seen on television. I can't really say if it shouldn't be allowed or it should be but the number and the kind of it does really matter. I think today the social media is an important part in the life of these young children so you can't live without advertising on television. The best thing would be when the parents set a time of watching tv, probalby one hour per day. The rest of the day the kids should go outside and play with their friends in the garden or going in the forest. Because then you don't have these problems at all. Children are just playing and having fun with each other and the advertising on television isn't a problem. 