Nowadays, television advertising is becoing more and more important, as lots of people own such a device and use it daily. With such a great popularity it is inevitable that the little children are going to watch TV from time to time as well. The advertisers, who of course always want to make the biggest profit possible, make use of this and develop advertisment specifically directed toward the young children. But should that really be the case?

Young children are easily influenced by their environment. Eventhough the TV advertisment isn't always showing the reality, the children might perceive it as real life and thus be disappointed when it doesn't turn out as they expected. Children between the age of 2 and 5 years don't think rationally yet. Once they see something they want, they won't think of anything else. They consider neither the price nor the usefulness of the wanted thing. Another good reason to prohibit TV ads designed for young children could be that it won't even be the children who are going to decide whether to buy the product or not. The advertising companies put a great pressure onto the parents, who more likely will purchase the product when being begged by their kids rather than watching another advertisment on the TV. Without the advertisment, the children probably would not devote as much time to unoriginal merchandise of their favorite movie character or in general watching TV. I think children should not have everything they want just layed by their feet, but rather use their imagination in order to fight boredom. In my opinion, childdren should enjoy building a hut in the forest with their best friend much more than playing with the lates Barbie(TM) dolls their parents bought them because they coincidentally watched the ad out of boredom. TV ads don't do any good to today's youth and if an advertisment has to be diredted to the children, it should maybe be more like a pep talk to go out and play and not to buy a consumer product. Therefore I think it would be justified if TV ads directed toward young children should not b allowed.