Often, when young children return from school the first thing they do is to ask: "Mum can I watch TV? Pleeeaaase!" Nowadays, as there is a TV in almost every house. Children are used to spend a  lot of their time watching TV and thus also advertisement. Now one can ask if advertising shouldn't be allowed as young children are very in fluencable of which many advertisments take advantage.
There are many arguments which support the opinion, that children shouldn't be allowed watching TV advertising before the age of five. As many parents tend keep them busy by letting them watch TV and thus also advertisement so that they have some time off to run the houshold or make a break. Additionally,nowadays one cannot watch TV without simoultanously watching advertisment. Young children are very easily influencable and it is later noticable in their shopping habits when they spend a lot of time watching advertising.
On the other hand, there are also many arguments which claim the opposite oppinion. For instance, if the children have never been allowed to watch TV advertising before they tend to get addicted to it when they finally are. As five years is still very young they might be that fascinated that they only want to buy the things advertised and at a age of five children might convince their parents buying the things. At an age of two they are not as the parents can tell them off and they get used to don't get everything they want to have. Further, in this time now the media plays a bigger and bigger role. When the children are used to it and its influencing qualities since a very young age they won't have much problems coping with it later. In addition, advertisement toward adults would be still allowed which can be very disturbing for children.
In conclusion, I think one should allow advertising as long as it is not too cruel or exaggerated and won't harm the children mentally so that the children can get used to it and won't be too much influenced later on. But as a parent you should limit the time a child spends watching TV.