Many advertisements on daytime television are directed towards children. Whether it is the newest Nerf dart gun or a Hot Wheels toy car track, the same children's adverts are broadcast time and time again on various channels in an attempt to persuade children to persuade their parents to buy a certain product. However, is it really fair to direct advertisements towards very young children? 
A giant portion of the toy market exists because of television advertising. Many toy companies such as Nerf or Hot Wheels practically only exist and can only sell their products and stay in business thanks to their success in advertising. These particular advertisements are mostly directed towards older children, aged approximately seven to ten years old. However, there are also ads with a younger target audience. They are similarly successful and help to support a large part of the market for children's toys. The market for young children's toys is very large and it requires the demand caused by ads.
However, the method by which these adverts are successful is not entirely ethical - they take advantage of young children's gullibility and make them believe that they absolutely have to have the product being advertised.  Needless to say, over time it can become boring and annoying for parents dealing with their children constantly begging for an overpriced piece of plastic which will be used once and then put on a shelf for the rest of its existence. If the parents relent and buy their child what they want once, it happens again and again - the child gets used to getting what it wants and the parents waste their money.
Advertising directed towards very young children itself can also be a waste of time and money - at the age of two, a child can barely speak, let alone understand a television advert and convince their parents to buy them things.
In conclusion, television advertising directed toward young children takes advantage of the children's naïveté and, even then, doesn't always reach its target audience. That is why I believe that it should not be allowed.