I fully agree with this statement. One reason for this (probably the strongest reason), is that children are more oblivious to the marketing techniques of brands and companies. They can't yet grasp what is true and what is a lie and also what they want and what they don't. Children that young usually don't have a sense for the worth of money, they just see it as this "awesome paper stuff" that you trade in for things you actually want. Lacking that feel for the worth of money, they'll spend all of their pocket money on useless junk, or nag their mothers and fathers (or other relatives for that matter) to buy this garbage for them. This could lead to parents hating a brand or company because they would associate it with the annoying and embarrassing times when their children wouldn't stop nagging them to buy something in the supermarket, so that is something advertisers should consider.

Another reason to why television advertising shouldn't be targeting young children is that the brain of those young individuals ofthe human species still have a relatively neutral,unopinionated, shapable and absorbing brain. They'll take in any sort of information like a sponge absorbing water. That's a good trait for learning languages, but a terrible trait considering advertising, as they'll get hooked to a brand at a very young age. The brands they learned to love while they were still wearing diapers would be like demigods to them, whilst any other brand would look like a two-legged donkey with leprosy. This would eventually lead to only a few companies dominating the free market and any other company to go bancrupt. Those monopolies would allow companies to manually and artificially inflate the prices for their goods, which itself would probably lead to a mass starvation in the entire western world,as nobody would be able to afford the cost of food anymore, thus leading the world into an age of darkness and throwing our society into an apocalyptic state of anarchy.

Alright, maybe I've exaggerated the impact a bit. But to my excuse, I had to come up with something more to write to get up to 300 words.