Television advertisements can manipulate those who believe everything they hear and don't think by themself. That is exactly what children are because the hippocampus in our brain evolves only in our teenage years and that's when we learn to think, weigh out arguments, make decisions and take responsibility for ourselves or even for others. So a pro statement is for sure that children can get easily manipulated to buy stuff or even to do things and that television advertisements can be dangerous for them. And by saying they get manipulated to buy stuff, I mean that they ask their parents to buy stuff and they will probably buy them becuase they want to please their children and make them happy. Another point is that irony and puns are often used in advertisements and young children don't understand these jokes and could think that it is meant in a true way. For example there is one television advertising where a man hits every guest at his grill party because they say something he doesn't like. This is meant in a funny and sarcastic way but children who see this will think that hitting other people is fine. Or a advertisement that probably everyone knows: The one from Snickers where someone is a monster or a diva and when they eat a Snickers they become a normal person again. Children will take this ad literally and maybe think that when you eat a Snickers you will become magically something else than you were before. With the example of Snickers this taking everything literally is not dangerous but I believe that it could be dangerous in other examples of advertisements. 
As the contra part of the statements there is one that shouts privacy and another one shouts self developoment of personality. You could say that it belongs to the term of privacy that every parent can decide whether they want their children to see some television advertising and learn to outweigh the truth of them by themself or if they don't want to show these dangerous puns to their children until they are old enough to outweigh it. And some may believe that it's the best way to learn how to get puns and to develop their personality for their child. 
But when I think about it I cannot remember any advertisements from tv channels for children in Switzerland. I believe it should not be allowed to put advertisements on channels for kids between the shows and movies that young children watch. But when you watch TV as a parent or an older brother or sister and a yound child is watching too you should pay attention to the ads that show and that you tell the child what is exactly going on there. 