A big pro of this idea is that the children would spend much more time outside and not in the house because most of the products which are promoted in television are things for playing in the house. When they promote food or drinks for young children in an advert this products contain often much sugar which is unhealthy but this does not matter for the children because they do not know about it - even sometimes the parents do not know it. For example there are some adverts in the TV that when you go to a fast-food restaurant the children receive a free gift or something like this. A child normally do not know the rules of economy and it maybe thinks that the company wants to be nice but in fact the company wants only to sell something to earn money. Often parents give in to the wishes of their children and buy the products on the internet or in a store. Sometimes they dont know what are the needs of a product but the child says that it is a cool product, so the parents buy it without thinking about it

Without advertising on the televison the profit for big companys would fall. If the company does earn much money, there is a possibility that the will fire people. It would be also a difficult situation for the legislation because as a company I could say that their products are for higher-aged children but actually their products are for lower-aged children. Another big con is that normally the parents are responsible fot their children and not the companys. So if the parents let them watch TV in this young age, they should be aware of the fact that many TV channels use advertising so that the reception of the signal is free for the customer.

I think that this statement is a good idea because today I can see many adverts on TV which are for young children. There are often so many lies in the cotent and the companys sometimes say that their products are the best and the children believe this. But I think also that the parents have a high responsibility for their kids. So the best idea would be that until a certain age you do not let them watch more than an half an hour TV per day.