Nowadays Television plays a big role in everyone's life, young and old. The main thing we all encounter while watching TV are advertisements. Advertisements make certain products and services attractive for the general public and a TV is one of the best places to put out advertisements, as most people watch enough TV to come across these advertisements. It is expected that through advertisements, the product or service being shown, would be purchased or used more often. Usually there are different target groups depending on the product/service being offered. However, are advertisements shown on the television necessary if they are directed towards young children, aged two to five? I will discuss this situation in the following essay.

On the one hand children that young get an insight into the adult world with such advertisents. By this I mean that if they see a toy being advertised, which they really like and want to have, this could prompt the parents  to give the child pocket money. By saving pocket money the child already gets an insight and an idea of financing and how money works. 

However, for children as young as two to five, pocket money would not be a discussion, as they are only beginning to talk.

This in turn could lead to advertisements for children that young being a problem for the parents if they are in an unstable financial situation. Since kids, which are so young do not understand much, they will not be able to understand if their parents are not able to buy "the newest toy, which they saw on the television". On the other hand a lot of parents would not want to spoil their children, yet would still want to make their child happy. However, to make their child happy, they will need to buy certain things that are wanted by their offspring. If they cannot manage this due to a tight budget, they may feel under pressure and as if they have disappointed their child. All of these problems would then be due to the advertisement on television. 

In my opinion, I think advertisements for kids that young are unnecessary, as all they can do are cause more financial problems for families. Children at such a young age are mostly interested in cartoon shows and might therefore also not be interested in the advertisement,as they are just learning the language and all the pay attention to, are the pictures on the screen. So in conclusion, no, I do not think advertisement for children between the ages of two to five are necessary and in my opinion, should not be allowed in the first place.