Children watch television almost every day. It gets continously more and more daily to watch TV before going to bed or in the morning after getting up. Should television advertising directed toward young children not be allowed?

One argument that it should be allowed is, that children can create a bigger fantasy with the things they see in the AD. Lots of children don't know any of those things before the watch TV or before they go to a supermarket with their parents. They will get to know these products also without any AD. With the countinously higher usage of internet and social media it's not possible to stop advertising TV. If it would be stopped the children could also watch the AD in the internet or like 10 years ago in a newspaper or a magazine. This argument belongs to a time in wich the media wasn't developed like it's now. With television ADs children could tell their parents what they wanted as a christmas or as a birthday present easily. Nowaday the internet can also give them ideas but a few years ago the children fetched their ideas from TV spots and every time they were repeated they screamed that the parants came to watch. They learned the melody or the text of the spot by heart, also this is a positive argument.

An Arguments that it shouldn't be allowed is, that the children can't build their own fantasy without the televison. Especially two years old children wich realise things in TV for the first time and can keep them in mind could be scared from tons of new inputs in their brains. They could be overused and can't handle all those things. Another argument is, that children get addicted to ADs because they want the things they promise to them or because it's so fascinating for children from age two to five. Lots of children watch a lot of TV during the whole day. An argument against TV advertisment is, that children keep staying in the house to watch some spots wich fascinates them. So they stay in the house and don't realise that the nature, wich is very good for children to learn new things, waits outside. With this the children stay much longer in front of the TV than years ago. This is very unhealthy. Children need to move, run around, play with others and discover themselves and the world around them, not only a fictional TV world.

My opinion is, that televison advertising can't be stopped because of the continously higher social media amount. If it could be stopped, I would stop it. I think it's very important to play in the nature with the little children. If I was a mother of a two to fice year old child I would control their usage of TV. I would tell them that they can watch TV for example in the evening for a half hour and in the rest of the day my children should play in the nature, they should discover new places, new friends and new animals. They could paint a picture or other things, but I wouldn't let them watch TV the whole aternoon for example. The TV advertising makes lots of children lazy and addicted in social media. I hope the media revolution is not growing up as fast as it did in the last years. 
