Ever since the television first was invented, it has always enjoyed a huge number of viewers. The new technologie is constantly developping and becoming of great importance to the society we live in today. One could claim it is supportive and gives us the oppertunity to establish things we couldn't before. And it is a way to entertain us in a world where nothing else seems to be satisfying enough. And let's not forget about all the money companys make over a year. Our children grow up in this technological world, learning to use all these computers and spending most of their time in front of the television. Is it therefore really okay to advirtise directly toward these young users?

In their first years children learn a lot about themselves and about others. They see how this world works and adapt to the casualities in it. It can be good to show them the reality, so they can start to get used to this world. One way of doing so is to advertise directly to young children as they watch television. They develop their own opinion about what they like and what they don't like. Later it will be usefull to have its own opinion so they can stick up to it and get what they want. And this way they learn fast to seperate important information from less important information.Information that interests them from information that is uninteressting to them. The children learn how to cope with the pressure of wanting something while not always getting it.

On the other side this advertising could lead to more spoiled kids pressuring their parents to always get what they see in the advertisement on the television. And if they don't get what they want their unpleased with their parents, while their parents are unhappy about the behaviour of there ungrateful children. In the length this sort of stressful conversations can affect the familysituation, because it puts the parents under extrem pressure and teaches the children to go on about things they wish to have instead of waiting for their birthdays after a declination. Not only the parents suffer from the constant wishes they can't always allow, also the children grow more unhappy when they realise that not everthing is just like in the advertisement: perfect and always available.
Another bad sideeffect is that children are too young to seperate reallity versus virtuallity. They don't recongnize when they are being fooled by one of this promising pictures. This could lead to false interpretation and naivity for promising offers in the television.

Finally one must say that we should let children be children. Let them play without being confrontet with our adult world to early. And this adult world also includes advertisements from the television.