We live in a world full of electrical devices. They can be very helpful in different situations in life. In the other side there are the critics and they thhink that that all this electronical things, for example the television, is going to make the people dumb.
In this essay I'm going to write about the statement if young children should not be allowed to watch TV. At the end of the essay I will write my opinion about this statement.

First of all, I think that a young child has to see with his own eyes the world. I mean that a child has to see the nature and he has to learn many things about the pupils life. In the TV we cant't see the world and we can't make our own opinions. It's like we see something and we don't question about it. 

An other argument is that in the television you can see so many things which are  not for a child. I know that in the tv we can watch for example Nemo a fillm for a child but there are films which are not for a the cilds eyes.

In th eother side the Tv has alsohis good sides. There are for example documentations about animals or other information sources where a child can learn much. The child can see the world with all his beauty but the Tv tells also stories about the negative aspects of human being. To summerize, the TV can help children to protect the world and not to destroy it.

In addition I think it is nice to see a movie with the child, for example Nemo. I think children love this story and they are amazed. When they are a bit tired of playing the whole afternoon the whole family can watch a film to relax a bit.

To summarize my arguments I want to give my opinion. I think that watching TV has negative and positive sides. In one hand it's going to make the children a bit stupid, because they don't question about anything in the TV. In the other hand the TV can give us helpful information tounderstand the life. now i'm going to write my opinion. I think that it's not necessairy to allowed  young children watching TV. The young children can watch TV but they also have to go outside to make their own experiences and his own opinion about the world.

