Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.
In today's world advertising is an important role. We advertise almost for everything such as a specific product, a shop, television, brandd and so on, but should there really be advertising directed toward young children. Some parents find it dangerous or not good for their children, other may think it's good for the children. 

In my opinion television advertising directed toward young children shouldn't be allowed because the children don't even know what they are doing. I mean children aged two to five are not all aware of what they are doing, often they just do what their parents tell them and want them to do. If a children wants to beinga advertising spot it is fine, but if they don't want to be in a spot and they just have to do what they are told to they shouldn't be doing it. It is okay if the advertising want to get the attention of a child,for example there is a lot of advertising for children in connection with playmobile, lego, nerf and so on, if a child sees how good the product looks in television the child wants to buy the product.
Otherwise advertising toward young children can also bring the children to a good idea. For example, Marc is watching television and suddenly he sees a advertise that shows a new nerf collection. Instead of thinking that he wants the new nerf he has an idea that he could make his own business with nerfs. And build the world largest nerf business with new product. Of course it is just an idea, but it helps the children to improve their own fantasy. 
On the other hand children get involved to the mediaworld way to early, if the television advertising is directed toward young children. It is way too early for the children to get involved in the world of the adults. What I mean is that it is much better for children to be in their own non media world and explore the world as it really is, not as how the advertising is telling the children. Children should play with friends and play outside as long as they can, because if they get older they get automatically involved to the world of advertising. 

As a conclusion I would say that it is really important to let children be children. It shouldn't be allowed to advertise directed toward children, because it changes the sight of how the children see the world and they get i
