As television consumption is becoming increasingly popular even with young children, marketing campaings aiming at young people aged two to five have recently been gaining importance. Debates on whether or not such advertising toward children should be banned are common. I would like to show why general prohibition cannot be the solution.

Between the age two and five, children are learning, but are not yet able to assess difficult issues. Thereby, marketing campaigns can pose a severe threat towards child development, as children are directly faced with advertisements made for them. As a matter of fact, the children's development will be altered by direct advertising. 

As people are confronted with advertising from a very young age, there is a threat that even grown-ups could get difficulties dealing with marketing measures. Studies have shown that particularly on the internet, many people cannot reliably distinguish between information and advertisements. As marketing becomes normal already from an early age, the risk of adults being very easily influenced rises.

However, it is the more sustainable solution that children should learn to deal with advertising instead of trying to shield them. In the adult world, advertising is omnipresent; by protecting children from marketing campaigns, they will probably struggle dealing with such as adults, which would in turn pose a threat towards society.

Banning advertising seems highly critical, also from a very general point of view. From a liberal perspective, it seems absurd to ban advertising, which is highly demanded by the economy. Even as one might argue that children should be extraordinarily well protected, it must be stated that advertising as such is not dangerous. What can be problematic is people, adults in particular, who are unable to deal with marketing measures. Training children is the easiest and most reliable way to avoid later issues.

In today's television, advertising is a fact and will most probably persist. People unaware of the risks of advertising can pose a threat towards society, especially in democratic states where the people's will is decisive. Educating children is the best solution for skilled adults. Shielding the children should not be aimed at. As an addition, schools might start dealing with advertising. This way, the children, who have already been exposed to advertising, will be provided with the tools needed to reliably deal with advertising.