Everyone knows how fast children are intrested in something. In my childhood I always wanted the new Nerf gun to play with my brother. I first saw this super technology gun in a television advertisment. But as we got the super new to play with we quickly realised that the gun itself isn't any good or exaiting, maybe the television tricked me in believing of this super new toy. And that's the topic of the following essay. Should television adverstisingtoward young children not be allowed?
Let's start with the positif arguments. Advertisment for children between two and five is good, because they can see new things and get exited about it. Through  the advertisment the children learn new things can explore the world and maybe get an insparation really early on, that effect them in their decision in life later on. Maybe Lang Lang the popular pianist wouldn't have gotten a pianist if he hadn't seen the new playable piano for children with different sounds and only few keys in an advertisment, when he was a litte kid. Maybe Messi the popular soccer player wouldn't have gotten a soccer player if he hadn't seen a new soccer ball in an advertisment. This all has to be considered and can be important for a lot of people. 
The negatif arguments are far more superior. If all is considered most of the television advertisment tricks little naiv kids, who hasn't developped a selfcritic thinking, into buying stupip things. First they are really exited and happy that they got a new toy ever other child has, but in the end they just use it once or twice and then they throw it into a corner and never play with it again. The children get manipulated by the advertisment, which are organised so every child wants the thing in the advertisment. There are huge parts in industries, which are specialisted exactly to manipulate the advertisment. And that's not correct at all and in any case the children are most effected of it. And the problem here is, that the child's parents don't teach the child, that this exact thing isn't good. Yes maybe the parents are the howl problem in this case. Sometimes the child is also under pressure, because every other friend of his has this new toy of an advertisment new-launched. So he wants it too and would be really sad, if the parents just say no.
From my point of view, I think advertisment is bad and is really bad for young children. Like in the introduction my brother and I got tricked by these companys a lot. I learnt to think twice about things I see in the TV and stopped hyping everything up. My brother on the other hand has still the behaviour of always wanting something new and he still gets tricked by advertisment. It's not just a problem for the children it's a problem for all the people with a TV. In my case, I can't get fooled anymore by these companys because  I stopped watching TV along time ago. In my opinion every one should stop watching TV because in 90% of the content is just rubbish. But this is just my opinion and I also think that the advertisment's influence relise heavily on the people and not on the the advertisment. 