For many of us watching television and therefore seeing all kinds of commercials is part of our daily routine. Some are allowed to watch TV starting at a very young age and some are hardly ever aloud to watch TV at home. Despite the fact that the children, aged two to five, probably don't really understand what they're watching, many commercials are directed towards them. So haow do these influence them? Should it be allowed?

Most likely, many of the commercials directed to young children are about toys, games or about some sort of drawing/art utilities. As mentioned before, the majority of these children won't quite "understand" what they're watching and just forget about it a couple of seconds later. They don't only watch commericals, they're merely shown between series or movies, like Sesame Street or Barney and Friends for kids at that age.
One bad influence could maybe be that they'd see all this neat things on TV and constantly ask their parents to buy them for them. For example a little girl sees the newest and greatest Barbie on TV and begs her parents to buy it for her. Howevery her parents can't afford to buy and don't want to have yet another toy because she keeps asking for another one every other week and it's hard for her parents to say no. After begging for this new Barbie the parents give in and buy it for her - and that's exactely what these commericals are for, it's exactely what they want you to do. This is how these toys and games brands make their money. Every child wants the newest and coolest toys and keeps nagging their parents to buy it for them, and so most of them do.
People thnik these commercials have no impact what so ever on these young children but finally they make a ton of money out of these "harmless" commercials.

So to answer the question, if I agree or disagree with the statement: "Television advertising directed to young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.", I don't completely agree. Yes, many of the children constantly ask their parents to buy them these new toys but I don't think there's any harm to that. Of course these commercials are just there to "take your money", but that's like that everywhere. So I don't think there's any harm done to these children  