Nowdays, a lot of people can't imagine their life without a television. They watch films, series, news, sports etc. But there is also another thing that is on the TV, everyday and not loved by everyone: the advertising of different things. Toys are advertised in this way very often. But is this a good way to make parents buy stuff for their children?

First, children are very naïve and mostly want to have the "coolest" toys. When they are watching television, for example Teletubbies, and between two episodes an advertising for a new Barbie appears, the little girls will probably get mad about it. Eventhough they know that they have enough Barbies in their room, they still want to have the newest things. And another point is that these television advertisings are formed very unfairly: "Only if you have this special Barbie, you'll have fun!"

But still, the children should learn that they can't get everything just because the television tells them to buy it. The parents also play a big role in this subject. If their daughter asks them for the Barbie, they should be able to tell her no. Children need discipline and that is a good way to show them.

Another good point for television advertising is that children can decide, what they would like to have and what they don't want. So if someone asks them what they wish for christmas, they can easily give an answer. It's also a help for the parents: they'll see what their child likes and wants to have, so buying a present isn't that hard.

To sum things up, television advertising can have bad impacts on the children, but it's the task of the parents to show them what is essentiel for life and what isn't. Children should see, that they can't get just everything they see and that toys shouldn't be their main thought. It's important to learn this, otherwise they'll think like this for their whole life and the older you get, the harder is it to just get everthing you want. And advertising things can be helpful for the child and parents when it comes to presents and what the child wants to have.
y