I agree with this statement because I think that media in general influences children at a way to young age.
A good example to show this are gender and body images. Seeing all these beautiful people in commercials can tell children a complete wrong opinion on how to see themselves in comparison to others.
Children can't see the difference between real life and television. They are easy targets for marketing companies because of their not knowing what is real and what isn't. Marketing companies have made this to their use with influencing young children to make them want something or to let them have their opinion about certain things that they will want to have or are tellingin the future.
For example a child doesn't care much about its body and how it looks put as soon as children are in puberty they start questioning if they're pretty or tall or skinny enough because the have had all these images on the television.This can lead into depression or mental diseases like anorexia or bulimia.

You could say on the other hand that children are anyway not supposed to watch television at a young age but if their is a lone mom with a fulltime job there isn't always timeto entertain your children and so at a lot of households tvs are on the daily routine. 

It is also that children are represented very badly in tv commercials in gender aspects. Girls always wear pink and red dresses and have bows in their hair and are supposed to put on make up on a barbie's face. Boys on the other side are wearing blue and playing with playmobil dragons and knights and have their little racing cars. Children should be able to play with the toys the like and not with the ones for their gender. But most of the time the children just get their toys from their parents, which have been influenced by television and media as well.

So in the end there is not much you can do exept trying to explain to your child how the real world is working and telling them to listen to themselves and not to anything from the black screen.