Nowadays, you find a TV in almost every living room and often also in the bedroom. Instead of going outside and playing with friends, they rather sit inside infront of the TV and watch some stupid series or play a game. This makes it very easy for concerns selling toys to directly place their adverts in the children's head. I guess almost every parent was at least once confronted with the problem, that the child wanted to have a certain toy and it didn't get it. But is that the fault of the concerns or are te parents itself to blame for this human-caused problem?
It is proofed by many studies, that TV adverts influence and this is not only a problem of the adults. Also children are influenced by TV adverts and this causes a new level of social inequality. I mean, if your child goes out with friends and this friend has the toy every child always sees in the TV. It becomes kind of the "must have" for children. And if you as a parent don't buy this toy, the child only knows because of TV adverts, in the worts case, the child will get bullied just because it doesn't have this toy. And this for, from my point of view, a very big problem.
But on the other hand, can you really say that the concerns are to blame for this. Isn't this problem caused by the parents and that they never have time to play with their children. It's easy for them to sit the child in front of the TV. So I think, before you start judgeing others for their work, you should wonder, why it even got this far. If the parents would go outside with their children and play with them, they wouldn't watch TV so often and so, partially the problem is solved.
Another point I'd like to bring up is that nowadays it's the only efficient method to bring toys to the children. How else should the concerns show their new products if the children are always inside and only watching TV.
If you really think about it, you can't say that only the parents are to blame for that nor can you say, that only the concerns are to blame. It's like the cicle of the devil.
As far as I can say, you should not forbid TV advertising toward young children. For me the best solution would be, if you reduce this kind of adverst and instead start working with the parents to show them, that it is important to play with their children.