Advertising

This essay is about the discussion if television advertising towards yound children should be allowed or not. 

A child gets immidiantly confronted with advertising as soon as the television is switched on. But isn't it a wrong thing to make yound children believe that they need certain products in order to be happy?
One could say that the decision wheter to buy the advertised product or not, still lays in the hands of the parents. A child in this age can't simply march into a supermarked and buy the aimed product. In the end the child learns, that he can't have everything and that not everyting advertised in really needed in order to be happy. Also the mother or the father learns to say no.
One could also say that advertising is simply a part of the economy. And there's also a sector that promotes children products. All the toys-shops or other companys that sell children-products need to survive and today it is needed to advertise in order to be competitive in the harsh market. 

But there's also an other side of the advertising in television. For partens it is not easy to always say no, the advertising lays pressure on them. Nobody wants to be the strictly person that always says no, and nobody wants endless discussion with their children about someting they don't need. And that's already another point, the advertising makes immature children believe that they're in a need of certain products. In a yound age they're already told that they can't be happy or not fit into a group whitout having the latest cool products. At a later point in life they have problems to resist buying the latests products, what can lead to a buy-addiction. So isn't it very unethical and unfair to make economical benefits of the immaturity of our young innocent generation?
Yes it is! There is absolutely no need to advertise products towards two year old children. And for the sector of economy there are also other ways to promote products, like magazins for partens. They're mature enough to decide if that product is needed or not. I think that would be a better way to advertise this products.