Television for young children

Today there are a lot of kids who already has a mobile phone at the age of four or who watch TV all the time. But do the parents really know what effect this have on the education of their kids?

The use of a television is just an escape for parents, so that they don't have to look after there kids activly. But in that way the kids don't learn to communicate with there own parent or other children for example in a "Kinderhort". For the parent it is easier and also cheeper to let them watch TV, then to pay for a "Kinderhort". But is it worth to pay less, in con 
But if they don't learn the communication with other kids or even the parents, later they could be very shy or just not able to speak and behave correctly in contact with other people. In school they would have problems, if they're not able to speak in front of the class, or they don't know how to behave in contact with a teacher because they just know what the people in TV does, and they often do things which are funny but not wished in reality. 
Once I watched some kids at a birthdayparty. The birthday-kid wants to do some sports outside, but some of her friends weren't in the mood. So they sat down and looked on theire mobiles. So the others also looked at there mobiles and they didn't speek to each other any more. The mother of the birthday-kid - which hasn't bought her daughter a mobile or alouds to watch s lot of TV - had to tell them, they should play something together.
So the parents make theire kids just a more difficulty for theire schoollife. In the fact of searching friends and being good at school.

If the kids always or ofter watch TV from the beginning on, then it could become a "Sucht". So later, when they are in school or should work already, they always have to watch TV because they don't know something different to do. So they would have difficulties to find a job, which they like. 
Another point of being kind of "abhängig" is, that they do less sports because they just sit there in front of theire television. So they might have health-problems. 
Not just because of the less sportiv activity, but also the eyes might educate in a wrong way, so that many of them will need glasses. And they aren't that cheep, so the parents would spend a lot of money for glasses then for the "Kinderhort". 

I think, that the kids could watch TV, but just in a controlled way. There is no need for advertising toward young people, because they shouldn't watch TV that often.

