Everybody or nearyly everybode watches the television. When I was young my parents told me not to watch to long to the television. Nowadays it is completly different. Children getting a mobile-phone in the age of fife is sometimes more than usual. I also got one really early but then I was nine years old and I had to pay it on my own. Well, the question about advertising directed to five year old children is connected with several other things of education. Education in the sence of sensibilisate the kids from getting stupid behind the television. 

Its good for making the kids think of what they really need. If there is an adverising about a playgun or something like that the can learn to ask themselves if they are really in need of such a thing. 

But to the other side they look what their friends do or maybe what their parents want them to do. So they dont think on their own. But do they really think o their own in the ago of just five years? No, I dont think so. 

It could also be different. In that age you often dont wanna do what your parents want you to. So you start crying becaus you cant get your playgun before you have the possibility to think about it. 

Should it be allowed or not?

Why not. Thats now my own opinion. It is not said that these children have to watch this advertising. If the parents dont want them to they can just shot the television and make their kids to play in the garden. 

But I see the next problem. Many parents dont even realise advertising and its tricks. So its absolutely ridiculous to want the children to realise it. But you cant say the television is not allowed to send such advertising. Thats a big problem. Its their strategy to make young as well as old people to buy things. 

If you want to do something in the opposite direction you would have to start to educate the parents because the children dont have an own opinion in that young age. 

Start to sensibilisate parents who not realise how stupid and objectiv their children can get. Parents, make your children watch docmentations about animals or about spaceshuttles. Let them make sports or let them play an instrument. But dont make them to see only one shity thing on the televion without thinking about it a little. Let your children leave their lifes with a big futur. 