Okay well I don't really know why we should ban such a thing from TV. It doesn't really make a lot of sense to me and I probably don't really understand the statement anyway and maybe my text won't make a lot of sense to you. But here's my opinion to this statement: I don't think you should ban such advertisments. I mean it depends on what content it has and how they represent the product of whatever they want to advertise. Of course it shouldn't also turn kids to having stupid brains and just watch TV all day. And if it's directed to such young kids, they maybe should stop that. Kids need to get out of the house and not stay home and stick their faces in front of the TV. I don't know what else to say. Technology took over humans. Okay not really, I mean we are still living in this world of course. I actually mean that humans are so addicted and constantly on their technologies, we can't imagine life without it. 
Listen to be honest what am I supposed to say about this statement anyway? I can't think of anything else than what I wrote and I that in like 8 minutes. And that timer up there is still stressing me out. I can't write 300 words because I can't think of anything else to type on this modern hp-computer. I apologize for my behaviour in this text but I'm about to rage. And the best part is I have to sit here for the next two hours. I wonder what will come up next. Yes I want to do something with filming in my future lifetime and maybe develop some advertisments. But why the hell should this be banned from TV? It's not pornography or anything similar to that. It's just something that people want to sell to the world specifically to children aged two to five. But what on earth do you think they will sell? a dildo? Of course not. I completely respect the statement but I can't argue about it because I actually don't really care. I understand if the advertisment would contain inappopriate information but in the end of the day they will ban that in some time anyway. That doesn't mean you have to ban every single one of them. Just the ones which aren't supposed to be aired on TV. But seriously do you think the advertisers will be like: "Hey I got an idea! Let's advertise some inappopriate toys to young kids aged two to five!" If that's the case well then i can just say that they are mentally ill in their heads and just disgusting pedophiles who don't have a normal mind of thinking. Of course there isn't anything "normal" in this world anyway. But I'm just saying with some stuff you can like re-think about it before you actually open your mouth and share it to the whole entire world. There's a Dark Web that exists in the internet. They should check that out. Well actually no. They shouldn't check that out. But instead of making a huge fuss about TV advertisments for kids they can start banning the sick-in-the-head place that's called Dark Web. But anyway I think I didnt understand it. 