Technology has advanced really fast in the last couple of years. One of the most used and probably the one thing every hous and family uses is a television.
There are now many diffrent kind of televisions, which are diffrent in styles and also in their function. How to sell these products themselves is a sciencefield on its own. The older generations were not used to , or even not allowed to watch television. Now parents look at the Tv as a cheap babysitter. This developpement gives room for the companys which produce the adverstisment, to directly speak to 2 and up until 6 years old children.The companys which produce the advertisments have always specific goals. Either they want to have a special kind of ad, which was never seen before and so it is special and stays in the minds of the people who are watching Tv. The other technique is to overplay an ad, so the ad gets accepted and a habit to see in the television. Normally ads are here to provide information over a new product or they just want to sell their own product.
Nearly everyone likes to watch Tv, and this gives the producers of the ad an oppurtunity to sell their stuff and they are getting more and more agressive in new commercials, since there are so many other companys, trying to sell the same product. In the end the children are the ones who see in the stores the products they have seen magicly in the Tv and because they look nice and their friends have them, they want them and beg the parents to buy them. But the parents are the ones with the money and not the children. So it is clever to let the kids see what is new and what they could buy, because if only the parents would see it, they  think its just an other dumb ad, but if their kid begs them to buy it, they are letting themselves easier to buy it, because they don't want to be cruel.
So it is kind of messed up that the companys are targeting already the very young children, which are innocent and don't know that they are being influenced by the ads. But from an older age like 5 years , in my oppinnion it's okey, because from there on the childreen tend to start wanting specific toys, and to showcase them in an ad is really clever.So why not trying to get the childern already in an early age to accept ads in their function, thaat later maybe they work as planned.