In the modern time a lot of children watch television and between the normal programms are a lot of television advertising. So, the question is if it should not be allowed to directed television advertising toward young children between two and five.

On of the main advantages is that if childrens are looking television and they see an advertising of a game or something to play they want to have those things. It's the best chance to make them want those beautiful things when they see it. So they go to their parents and ask them to buy this games for them. It's the best way to make children want things. Children see in the television how those things are working and how to use them and than they know ecsactly which they want. It's better for the parents, because they do't have problems like buying the wrong game and after that have the problem with the children because they don't like it.

On the other hand it can get very expensive if children are always seeing new stuff. It can be more stressful for the parents to say no all the time and to be the bad parent because you don't buy it for them. Probably they get spoilt if you buy all those things. However a lot of children have already enough things to play with and they don't need more new things. With television advertising they get a view of life which isn't always true, it shows the life where everybody should have everything which isn't nessecary. In this age it's like manipulate a young children. I

In conclusion I'm against television advertising directed toward young children. Because I think it isn't a good idea to show those things to them and make them wanting those things. But at all I'm against watching television in this young age. It's a better idea to go out in the natur and play with animals or build a woodhouse. But at the end the parents have to decide if they want to allowed their chilrends to watch television or not. But if they allowed it to them it's possible that they have to deal with more things. 