I don't think that the problem would be the advertisement itself, but the fact that those children are watching the advertisement. In the case that this marketing strategie would be successful, that would tell us that those children were watching TV at that exact moent. So I guess that the overall problem wouldn't be the TV advertising, but a new way of caring for the children. Years ago they were playing outside, they were probably doing something with their parents or friends, they would and improve walking, maybe even begin learning how a bycicle is used. But now, they are watching TV, maybe even playing something like XBOX or similar stuff. In my opinion this is a shocking fact and a drastic change in childrens education. At the moment they are learnig whatever TV says them, like for example they see a advertisement about M&Ms, in consequence of them watching this, they want some. Now the example withM&Ms isn't that bad, but there could also be other stuff on TV, which isnt actually meant for children. And even if there would be TV advertising directed toward young children, there would also be other stuff lurking araound in the advertising crowd on TV. Now an example for those other things would be the new game-trailer for a violent horror game, which the children are also watching. Now they could e scared and quit watching TV, but the other possibility would be them actually amazed by the trailer, which could result in a change of personality of those children, because they now accept the violence as a natural part, which would again result in real violence because the think they could solve problems with violence. And that is why I dont think one shouldn't allow the TV advertising directed toward young children, but one definetly should not allow those children watching TV. So to say the most important problem isn't economy which is using nowadays culture and way of educating for their own purposes, but the nowadays family for giving the economy such opportunities. And that is what should be changed, its like one would eradicate a bacteria, if you want to succeed you shouldn't fight the simptoms, but their origin. And its quite the same here, the symptom is the advertisment but the origin is the  education children get nowadays. And even if we wouldn't allow this, the only thing we would actually do, would be  restricting the only advertisment which is actually not damaging childrens minds, because the advertisement for aduldts would stay how it is. And because of that, I am totally against the action of not allowing advertisement directed toward young children.