Everybody watches television. young, old, male, female it doesn't matter. Some watch more than others but that's besides the point. Advertising or Comercials are not everyones favorite. Their duration are too long and they appear too often. Still they are necessary for the TV Channel to earn money. Comercials can be used in different ways. Either it really shows you the product in its best ways or it just shows you a supermodel doing either super cool stunts or nothing at all and most of the time the comercial had nothing to do with the product itself. 
Now, are advertisments bad for infants? They can be! Children are very influental. Many little kids try out things they reall shouldn't based on what they saw on TV. So should we ban advertisment for children? In my opinion, absolutely yes! Kids are easily tricked and brainwashed into liking something or wanting to do something. 
Like I said before, children are very curious and they want to try things out themselves. If they see their favorite hero doing a backflip in a comercial after drinking a certain bevrage, then they will try the same thing. They could hurt themselves badly and many people will just shrugg it off and pretend like nothing bad happend. They say that it's the childs own fault that it got injuries. But it's a kid. It didn't know any better. How could he/she? The adults were doing it on TV why shouldn't they be able to do the same?
But advertisments aren't just bad things. They are good for the market. Especially kids. They are a very good audiance! Why do you think parents buy so much stuff for their kids? Certainly not because they thought that specific toy would be a great thing to have. It was the choice of their offspring. She/He wanted it because she/he saw it in the comercial. Children can be very presistent in their choice and desire of something and if they don't get it right away, they will cry. Parents don't want their kids to cry. Especially if they're two to five years old. So they buy it. 
The conclusion is if you see children as a marketgroup then yes, show it to them. If you see them as people then no, stop showing it!
In my opinion, we shouldn't show little kids comercials. We shouldn't abuse our power over them to make them buy stuff, but protect them from their own ideas.