Advertising

Nowadays there are many companies which advertise their products over the television. Many of those are advertisements about shampoos or a new parfume or something like that. A new trend which came up, is to advertise products toward young children. Most of them are toys. 
To tell whether it's  bad or good to do this kind of advertisement we have to list the pros and the cons.
One thing which would be in favour of the advertisements is that children get to know which products there are. They can tell their parents that they would like to have that new toy which they saw in the television. That would be a way how parents wouldn't waste money on things their children don't even want. Instead of buying their kid something that will never be used, they can make their child happy. 
Now that we talked about the pros, let's talk about the cons.
Many of the products advertised in the television are either useless or over-priced. The "manipulate" the children so that their parents will buy them the new toy. 99% of the time it's only about making money. The companies make their advertisements as cool as possible so that many children go to their parents and tell them that they want the product. It's hard for parents to say no to young children. They don't want the kid to be sad or to think that they're bad parents so they eventually just buy it. 
Children of this age can't decide whether they need this new toy or not. They see the advertisement in the television and decide upon that if they want it or not. Young kids don't ask themself if they will play with it more than once or twice. The part of their brain which is responsible for the critical thinking is not as developed as the brain of an adult. 
After talking about the pros and cons i would like to tell you about my own opinion.
In my opinion advertising toward young children is another way for companies to make money off of young children. I do think that it shouldn't be allowed since it either has as a result that kids are mad at their parents or that parents have to waste their money even if they're living from hand to mouth. Many young couples which have young children don't have that much money to buy their kids every expensive toy they see on the television. It doesn't really have a good side for the parents. The problem is that economie doesn't work like that. Money is all that it is about.