Each time when we look televison we see advertissments. There are many of them and for all ages, but it is correct to advertising directed to young children? Should these be allowed? Today we talk about these questions.
Television advertising should be allowed because all humans have the same rights and it would be anoying when we only see advertissments only for one age. The young children like this advertissment so they would have more fantasy in example when they see an add from children surprise. They want those surprisee to play like the kids in the advertissment and have this fantasy and the chocolate give them power to create new things. An other arguement for this is that at children telvesion like KIKA you can't show adds for adults. This is not intressting for little kids, they want to see Barbie or something like that in the advertising.
Argument against this advertising is in general that kids in this age should play outside or with others and shouldn't look television. But if they do it too they shouldn't see this adds. It should be possile to make a children channel without advertissments. This adverissments aren't helpful, so the children want something and the next time when they go to the market with the parents they cry that the parents must buy this for them or something like that. 
To take up the argument for this addvertising with the joy from children surprise. This joy isn't good for the environnement and in general you find fantasy without this joy which you throw in the bin after less time.
I'm against this advertissments and find this schould not be allowed. Advertising is okey but not by this young children, they should play outside or watch tv without this add. Adds for Pampers are okey too because this is useful for young children not like the add from children surprise. They get fantasy all over the world and not only with this joy and this joy isn't useful it's for the bin and it's bad for the environement because it's made by plastic. 
So think like parents.