In our society there are advertisements everywhere. If you watch a show on the television every fifteen minutes comes another break where you have to go through many suggestions what you should buy.
There are also some advertisements which are directed toward children. There comes the question: Should advertising toward children be allowed or not?

When children see a new product while watching television they want to have it. Often it's something to eat, a new kind of sweets or a special toy to play with. In such a situation the parents have to argue with her child weather they are going to buy the product or not.
The child can have two sorts of reactions: It can start crying and shouting and getting on the parents's nervs, just because of the product that was directetd to him. In this case the parents feel bad to say no to their child and make it angry and sad.
But the child could also accept the decission and react normal. That's not happening very often, because children can't really understand whats right for them, and that their parents make decissions for the childs best.
An other Point is, that a company who makes toys for children doesn't have much other chances to get their products selled. If they don't make it attractive for children, there isn't a big chance that the parents are going to by it on their own.

I think the advertising towar children is a difficult theme. In my opinion, it's a mean trick if you try to sell a product in directing it toward young children because they can't decide what they really need yet. Children just want to have everything, especially when it looks good on television and other kids like to eat it or have fun to play with it. A good advertisement would be something that attracs the parents too, because they should be alright with the thing their child eats and plays with. If the parents like the product they are also going to buy it. So in my opinion you shouldn't direct advertisements toward young children, but you sould make the parents want to buy it for their children instead.