In my opinion watching tv should be limitted, no matter if its advertising or a normal tv show. I think television has a bad influence on people, mostly little kids. Adults or teenager can handle the "pressure" of the television, they aren't that naiv, they don't believe anything. But young children have to grow up, have to create an own personality and I think then its possible that the tv affects those people not in a positive way. 

We have to think about the way of television advertising, if a business want to support a special car, I think it doesn't have to be disallowed. But if this car is driving too fast, because the owner want to say that its ordinary fast, it shows young children a wrong view. You can look at this topic on a other view. Television advertising doesn't have to be disallowed because maybe young children could watch them. There its the responsibility of the own partents to look, that their kids don't watch those things. But in a chanell for young children, for example "kika" or "superrtl" it shouldn't be allowed. 

First because this is a channel for young kids and there shouldn't be advertising. For example if they promote a little rabbit who can speak and they want that the kids buy it, I don't think thats great. Then most of the children go to their parents and say "oh, i want this..and this.." and so on. And a other reason I think it shouldn't be allowed is, those young children want to watch there favourite Show and they don't want to see advertising. They are little and if you say to your children, advertising is necessary they woulnd't understand why. At the end I have to say, I don't think a young girl, aged two, mostly don't understands this advertising. Maybe her parents allow to watch this special serie, because its okay to watch it, and then she sees promotin of a serie which you should only watch if you are like ten. 

When i'm honest, those kids shouldn't watch tv at all. When kids are that young, they want to do so much more than just watching tv. You can go out with them, play with them outside. I think they will love it more than watching tv. Because no matter if youre old or young, spend time witch people you love, do things with them, is one of the best and most important things you can do. Those kids have a lifetime to watch tv, to do boring things on the couch, but now they are growing up, they want to experience new things. If they are like ten, okey, sometimes they can watch tv but not always. Maybe I think like that, because my parents doesn't allowed me to watch that much tv. And now I have to say, I don't watch that much tv, I just don't need it. I want to spend my free time with friends, with pets I love, I just have no time to watch tv at all. 