I don't really agree one hundred percent with the statement, because it won't really work to not advertise things in the tv, because the tv channels can only live with these ads. Especially the tv channels can't know when a kid is watching their programms, because some kids just watch channels which are made for children and some other children watch also tv channels that weren't done for the children. So it would be pretty hard to really work out a plan in which these young children don't have to be confronted with television advertising.
On the other side I really think that the idea which is behind the statement is not that bad, because young children, especially in the phase in which they are seeing things for the first time, they can be influented very easily and they want everything they see. So the children are going to ask their parents if they can buy them this and this and this. For sure they won't buy them everything, but they want their child to be happy and have then to buy them maybe something.
In some tv advertisings are also things that won't be that good for the growing up process of the child. In the worst case they could have disorders or any kind psycholigal error because of this content in the tv ads.
But we could also say that these young children won't understand the advertisements, because they don't know what these things in there are. On the most tv channels the producers also pick not the worst advertisements for as an example after a tv show which is made for young children or especially on tv channels for young children like toggolino or kika or super rtl they don't use any kind of advertisement, because they are conscious about the consequences which these brutal ads will do to the kids.
As a last point the parents are also very important to look after their children, what they are watching on tv and which tv channels they are on. In the world there are a lot of risks which could have consequences to the children or also to older people. So a bit of a risk is always in this world and you have to protect you and the people around you or which are important to you.










