A current controversial issue are the all day seen advertisments. They are everywhere. In the supermarkets, on the street, in magazines and papers and especially in the TV. We can't do something without beeing influenced by an advertisment. Everything is about sponsoring people and gaining new customers.
But advertisment directed to children? Should it be allowed? Or should they at least be left out of this money making strategy?

With advertisment, children get to know new products. With the help of adds they can develop new Ideas, what to do with their friends or suggest to do for example in the kindergarden.
Next, it would trigger their fantasies and wishes, as an example what they want for teir next birthday. This, on the other hand, makes it easier for parents to buy their children the right thing, they really want and not just something the children then never play with and throw it away.
Moreover the children should know what different kind of new things there are they can get and mabey they also learn something from it, when they have to read something or listen to the adviser.
And last but not least, it is better for the companies, when adds are seen by young kids. They then buy these items they like, and so the companies can focus on them and developp their ideas based on the products which are more bought and therfore preferred by the kids.

On the other hand, children can be damaged and manipulated by that many adds specially developped for them. It can be too much for them and they can be misleaded or the add can be misunderstood.
Kids just want to life. They don't want to see advertisment when they watch TV or read a cartoon. They are too young for this. For ost of the children it would just be a distracting thing in their life and they wouldn't pay attention to it. So in the end the advertisment would be wasted.
Children get manipulated by it even before they really understand what is happening.
And in the end they aren't even able to afford all these thing which are presented to them by the adds. It would be the parents which have to pay. And this would put a lot of preassure n these parents which can't afford to spent too much money.

So I am against advertisment towards kids. Because kids should life and not be manipulaz^ted by advertisments or 
