Nowadays, television is a very important and controverse topic. Kidds and teenagers spend a lot of time watching TV in their freetime because the do not have any other occupations like sports or other free time activities. It's getting worse and worse and the age of the TV watchers decreaes from year to year -  evne young kids, aged two to five, are watching more often TV shows then their parents used to watch because 30 years ago, there was not any TV show for young kids. Not anymore. Kids are lost in the endless supply of media like, computer, radio, or even like in our case the TV - it is horrible for the young parents and inevitable to stop at the same time. By watching televison, kids are automatically exposed to all the numerous advertisements between their favorite shows like Tele Tubby and co. It seems impossible for parents to take care of the kids and not let them enjoy the advertised plays or cool Lego cars etc.And of course, the TV companies exactly know which sort of people watch TV at a certain time of the day. This is how televison advertising works -  it is the try of showing and make specific aged people find joy and pleasure in a certain product, which is shown from its best side. For example, pornographic stuff is shown in the night when kids usuallly sleep, and stuff for kids like Lego cars is advertised in the mornning when mothers are busy with cooking and occupates its kids with the TV.  It is as easy as this. Since we know what televison advertising actually means, I will continue talking about benefits and disadvantages for kids who are exposed to these certain advertisements. As you can perfectly remember when you were a young child, whenever you saw something cool you liked indeed, you would not stop bugging your mom and dad until you got what you desperitel wanted so bad. That is exactly the strategy used by the companies which advertise stuff for kids - it is so easy to get children excited about a cool toy. Kids see what they canput on their bucket list, whic is good, but simultaneously kids are exposed to to much stuff. Children tend to get spoiled and do not appreciate anymore what they own. it may sound crazy, but kids are getting slefish and mean. In my opinion, tlevison advertising for young children shoould become prohibited based of all the arguments that I listed within this essay. 