Television advertising isn't only directed towards teenagers, young adults and adults in general but towards young children as well. The question whether this should be allowed or not makes room for heated discussions and both sides, pro and contra, make good points. In this essay I'll try to shed some light on this controversely discussed question and to explain my opinion on this subject.
Children aged two to five are in an extremely important stage of their childhood. In this phase they learn basic social skills, talking and walking. The brain functions in a very efficient way and sucks in everything it's exposed to, including television. This means that television ads can have a profound effect on the development of a child. One argument against such advertising is the fact that in order to appeal to the children some ads use what we adults perceive as child-language. The problem with the use of such infantized language is that it doesn't follow basic rules of grammar and that words are deliberately mispronounced. This could lead to major problems with talking and oral comprehension due to the fact that the target audience is still developing language skills. Another problem that arises with ads for young children is that children are easily manipulated. Their young age makes it difficult for them to use reason and logical deduction for discerning useless or wrong information from useful one.
However on the other hand the effects of TV ads are balanced by good education and parenting. If both function well then exposure to ads won't lead to problems. In my opinion, the true culprit of failed education isn't the TV but the parents and education department. 
Ads for young children can be useful as well. Sometimes interesting and fun toys are advertised and how would parents and children even know about those toys if it weren't for the ads? 
In the end I have to say that banning ads for children aged two to five doesn't make sense. While I'm not a fan of ads in general I realize that banning them is firstly not easy and secondly it wouldn't help in raising children at all.