Today we can see everywhere we go advertisings. In the supermarkets are a lot of different products like cornflakes, juices or a lot of toys for children. Television advertising is a good possibility to show people at home the different products they sell. A lot of companies like to use television advertising direct toward young children to show them their products, especially toys for young children. If the children see the toys while they watch television, they want that their parents buy them the toys they want. But this is very unethical.
Young children, especially children aged two to five, are very curious and they just believe and accept the things that their parents or other people say. They don't know that adults could tell lies. So they just believe what the people in the television say. If a person say that the ponytoy is very funny and you can also  style the hair of the pony, the children who are watching television and see that want also this ponytoy. So they say to their parent that they want this toy and the parents should go and buy this toy. 
The second problem is, that companies know that children will cry if they don't get the things that they really want from their parents. Parents mostly can't leave their childrens alone at home, because the children are two years old and they couldn't find a person who can care of their children. So they take their young children with them to the supermarket to buy some food for the dinner. In the supermarket, the child see a product, for example special cornflakes, that they saw while they were watching television. So they show the cornflakes to their parents and say that they really want to eat this cornflakes. If their parents say no, the child is sad and begins to cry. Companies use this situation to sell their products, because they know that parents will buy the product their children want. 
If the parents always buy the things their child want, the child will never lern that they should care of their money. So they will loose a lot of money in the future because they just buy what they want. 