I think it depends on the television advertising. In the televison are many advertisement for Lego, Playmobil and other toys. Advertisements like these should be directed to children, because I don`t think that this joys are for parents. Only if the parents play with the children. It`s for children between two to five. there are also advertising for Sturby, Trampolino and others. That`s also for the young children. It should be directed to the children and to the parents. Because mostly the children saiy after the advertisement, that they want to go there. But the parents decide if they go there or not. There is also the advertising about other television series. If the serie is for young children like Spongebob or Cosmo & Wanda, then the advertisementshould also dircted toward young children, because they are the people, who are looking this serie and not the elder children or the parents. So sometimes the series should be directed towards the children, because they are the people, who use that stuff or who look that series.

The negative points about television advertising directed toward young children is, that they shouldn`t watch TV so often. For example the advertising about television series is, that after the children want to watch all the other series, which they like. That isn`t good for them. I think that some advertisement can influence the young kids. They don`t know that much, they have to learna lot. If they see how great Lego is, they want more and more of Lego. The same with all the other joys. They want more and more. It`s hard to say than alway no as a parent. So there are also some negative points about this theme.

I think that there are some positive and some neagtive points. It depends on the advertisement. In the end, the parents have to say where they have to stop. It's only an advertisement and if the young children get that, what in the advertisment were mentioned, decide the parents. If I would sell Lego for example, I would also make an andvertisement for the young children, because finally it`s for them and not for the parents or others. There are many adventages as disadventages.