It is well known that most people are annoyed of advertising, especially when it interrupts a movie they are watching. But is it really that bad? To answer this question we should have a look at some different arguments.
What if there are parents who have absolutely no idea what their children would like to play with? This may be a little exaggerated but some parents really don't knowwha t exactly would make their children happy. So why not let the television advertising inspire them? If parents cannot feel their child's cravings what else should they do? When television advertising shows toys or food the children may really like, it is actually a very good thing, especially for these kind of helpless parents.
However if children watch television advertising and they see something that they want, they want it so hard that there is almost no way for the parents to buy their children what they saw in television. Children are unable to understand what their parents mean if they tell them that this product is like for example a waste of money or produced in a very immoral way or whatever. They will just cry because the only thing they understand is that they won't get what they want.  Which parents would want to make their children unhappy? The people who this advertising is coming from know about that and they make a large profit of it.
What's more is that advertising is just so annoying if you don't want to see this but you are unable to skip it. So you just have to watch it which is really a waste of time.
Let's be realistc, I think that such parents like they are mentioned in the first example aren't very common at all and even if they cannot find the perfect toy for their children, they have friends who can give them ideas or they remember what they had enjoyed when they were young. The contra arguments in this question are much more important to consider. Advertising is a business which people make a profit of recklessly. It shouldn't be supported at all and I would be ready to pay for television without advertising.