Every day we are confronted with advertising of some sort. Advertisement has become an indespensible way for companies to make their products visible to potential costomers. The aim of advertisements is of course a means for a company to increase its revenue. Over the years advertisements have become better and more effective. One way of doing that is to specifically target the demographic of interest, be it a certain age or a certain gender. We know advertisement works well, otherwise companies wouldn't invest so much in it. That also means we are very easily influenced by advertisement and mostly unaware of it. Children are arguably especially easily influenced, as they aren't capable of thinking critically. That begs the questions of whether television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.
The advertisement children at such a young age are exposed to probably come from television. The internet does not affect this particular age group. Therefore, it is best to focuse on television. 
However, it is questionable whether children at that age understand the advertisements at all, or whether such advertisements have a greater effect on the parents.
Specifically banning advertisements for this specific age range would lead to a disadvantage for companies producing products for young children. However, it would affect all of these companies equaly, ruling out a competitive disadvantage for certain companies. 
Whether or not advertisement affects people negatively, is heavily dependent on the product. Obviously marketing harmful products requires more ethical consideration. Products, such as childrens toys do not fall into that category, although there could be toys promoting violence to a certain degree.
I think advertisement can pose a problem and needs to be regulated, as companies most likely not monitor negtive effects themselves. To me a much larger problme seems to be advertisement directed at young adults and teenagers. This includes most importantly the marketing of harmful substances, such as alcohol and tobacco. 