Most people all around the world in this century have a television at home and which they use regularly to watch for example the news. In the case it is a family with young children the small kids will surely want to watch television with their parents. It is normal that television channels use advertisement as a source of income. These advertisements are directed towards all kind of groups of people. Like for example advertisement of dog food for dog owners or also something simple as advertisement of toys for the young children who happen to watch television with their parents.
Now some people are saying that television advertising directed towards young children should not be allowed.

One could argue that these advertisements lead to the effect that young ones want their parents to buy whatever is advertised on the television and the parents being full of love and care can't refuse them and have to buy it for their kids.
On the other hand the children at this young age are not fully able to understand what is advertised and for what use that thing is which is on television. But I know from my own experience with my 4 year old cousin that he always wants if he sees something advertised in television just because the advertisement looks like fun and makes him laugh.
At the same time it is also the job of the parents to not always pamper their child but also explain him or her why they don't need always that what is advertised in the television or the parents should not let their kids watch a lot of television because it is not healthy for their eyes at that young age anyway and they are only able to see the advertisement when they are watching television for a longer time.
Also in the case of that advertisment directed to young children should be banned the television channels may loose a big part of their income and also for the companies which are producing those advertisements will have an economic loss.

I personally am against this statement because children at that young age are probably not able to understand fully what is advertised and so there should not be any problems to let the television broadcast advertisement towards the children. It is also the responsibility of their parents to control what ther children are watching on TV and to think if they really want to buy the thing their son or daughter wants to just because he or she saw it once in television.