TV advertaisemetent has boomed in the last few years. More and more also young children are directed by advertaisement with the goal to provocate their needs for buying a having new things. But should Television advertisisng directed towards young people  be forbidden?
A pro-argument to the prohibition is that young children, don't have the ability to form a personal opinion yet. They learn and grow by seeing, hearing and listening. That's why they are easy victimes and "clients" for the advertisment. They are powerless against what they hear, see and listen to and believe therefor everything. 
On the otherhand, young children don't have the possibilties to buy new things on their own. They are looked and "controlled by their parents" who, in the end, have the decision over how to spend the money. So advertisement for young Children doesn't always make sence. 
An other arguement is, that children stand under the influence of advertisement growing up and that this can have influence on their lifes later on, such as the way they buy and think about the world, The advertisement can also misslead the Children's interpration of happiness and what really counts in life. They will associate happines and success with materialistic stuff andalways having the newest things.
I pointed out more reasons to prohibid advertaisement for young childrenen, but what I think is, that it doesn't make a difference and that it's hard to stop advertasient. Young Children will always stand under influences of the outside praising and telling things and somehow they have to learn to deal with it. In my opinion what really counts it, that parents transmit and teach the children the right ways of living and interprating things, also telling them that not everything we see and hear is true. Children should grow up learing what really counts and not let themself be influeneced by what the outside world and the trends say so much. I Therefor say no, it doesn't make sence to forbid advertaisement and that if there are people who don't like their children to watch advertisement on TV, than they shouldnt let them watch T