In the following text, I`ll discuss the statement about the programm of television, which is directed to very young children by the age of two to five.

For me it´s an important theme to talk about, because the medias in our time can be very dangerous for the developement of children and also teenagers, but in this moment the age of the young chldren is important for the statement.
I think, television is something, which is fun and free time for you, but it also can change your opinion about some topics and meanings, which you have.
Young children are very influenced by everything,which they see and hear, so the television can be dangerous or bad for them, but it can be allowed to cut them from the medias, but it´s not the right way, I think.
It´s better to show them, how to handle with television or games or something like that, because the children are learning for their lifes and not just for the moment.

In the statement, it´s described that very young children, from the age from two to five, should not watch television and for me it has something true, because in the age of two or three years, you should not watching televeison.
A little kid should play with its toys and parents and not watch televison the whole day, because it can be a negative point in its developement.
But I think, you can´t say no with a law, so it´s difficult to handle with this topic.

A solution can be, that the parents of the children have to handle right with this topic, because it´s important for their children and their developement.
Older children, like with the age of five or six or elder, it is of course right and possible to watch television with a time, which is given by the parents, so that the cildren can watch a serie for one hour and then it´s finished for this day.

So all in all, I agree at some parts with the statement, but not at all.
The main thing, that is important is the bad influence by television for too young children, so it could exists problems in future, which are developed by the television.