Many people don`t like advertisements for young children, especially for children from two to five.

First, television is not good for young children, and many of these young children aren`t even allowed to watch TV. 

And if they are allowed to - for  example half an hour, the parents (and the children too) doesn`t want to have different advertisements in TV. The parents because they think it`s not good for the child, it may want something, it doesn`t need, and the child just wants to watch its series on TV. Advertisements would only steal them their expensive and very short time. 
Theres another argument against advertisements towards young children: Imagine, you`re a children at age two to five. Would you be interestet in buying stuff to play with? Yes, of course you would be. So you ask your parents to buy these toys for you, and (as actually everytime you ask) they say no. This is sad and depressing, isn`t ist? So some companies may save the children from being sad and do the advertisements towards the parents, maybe with some deeper information for them.

But there are also some reasons for advertisements towars young children. For so many children its too difficult to learn, that parents often don`t allow them to be outside until 9pm or like in this discussion, buying some playing stuff (from the advertisements) for them. They must accept, that they cannot have everything. And if they weren`t confronted by advertisements and the `no` of their parents, they never learn it. 
Another important thing is the knowledge of the children. They actually never get to know different toys, like 'Barbie', 'Lego' or even 'Playmobil'. Probably the parents don`t go to a toy shop with their kids very often, so an advertisement is a good way to get to know some playing stuff. And some of these different toys will show them tecnical and motorical skills. 

So all in all I would say, advertisements for young children are a good thing to get them learn to hear a 'no' and to let their skills grow. The only important point is the behaviour of the parents toward the children. They are supposed to look for their children, to not let them too often watch TV and espacially not too long - it would be bad for the child. Buying some (of course not everything they want) toys for the children and let them play with them or reading a book with them are much better opportunities. 