There are different oppinions to the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two or five)should not be allowed." In this essay I am going to give some arguments pro and contra this topic.
 As children have Tv channels that are directly presenting shows for their age, it is logical that they have to get money. TV channels like nickelodeon or KIKA are very common and the children like them very much so it would be sad for them to turn them off because the channels are not allowed to show advertising. So it is important to show advertising to young children so the channels can stay alive. Another argument is the industry that produces toys and other things for young children. They really need to present their advertisements to children and not only to grown-ups because otherwise they would not sell nearly as much as they do now. Children see the toys on the TV and ask their parents if they can have it. When only parents would get advertisements for toys, most of them would not really care about it and they probably would not buy the toy the kid would have chose - especially the more expensive ones. So the toy-industry needs the advertising toward young children to sell their products and get money. Another argument for the advertising is that children always want to be treated as grown-ups so they like to watch advertising on television because it is a thing that is also on channels for older people and so they maybe feel more accepted as a child in the world of adults. But there are also some convincing arguments against showing young children advertisings on TV. The most important one is that the kids can be manipulated into buying things they see. If a advertisement is really good and adresses the child with - for example - bright coulours and a catching name, the child is most likely going to want the toy or other thing it sees. They will then ask their parent to buy it, but a lot of parents cannot spend as much money at toys even if they want to. Some parents will maybe buy the toys and then do not have enough money left for other things. If they would not buy the toy the child would be very sad or angry about his parents and probably also be bullied by other kids because they do not have the newest ball or other kind of things. Besides that these toys can be really expensive, they also tend to be useless. Especially kids at a very yound age really want to have a toy, then play with it for a while before loosing interest. It will then lay in a cupboard and be forgotten. After a while the child will fill its room with things it does not play with anymore and does not need it. That might be not as bad at the first view but when the child grows older it is going to want a more adult room and then has to throw a lot of toys away or has to donate or sell it if possible. In my opinion it is a very controverse thopic and I cannot say if I am against or for it. I would rather make a compromise. I think that we should allow companies to show their advertisements to young children and I think that we also should let the children watch it. But in my opinion they should keep the amount of advertisements they show between kids TV channels to a minimum and they should also just play the advertisement at the end of a show so the kid does not get interrupted by it and as a result watches all the advertisements while waiting the show to go on. Finally also the parents should keep an eye on their very young children so they do not spend all their time watching TV because TV itself is not very good for them either.
