On the one hand, television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed because it's unhealthy for them to whatch television too often since that could cause that they don't move enough. It's important that children go outside and move instead of sitting in front of the TV the whole time.
Moreover, they could get used to technic too much when they already whatch TV in that young age too often. They want to use computers, smartphones and tablets etc. in their future way too often because they think it's just normal and everybody does it because television advertising directed toward young children was allowed. So they stay in their room all the time and don't go outside because they can have contact with their friends by using their smartphones which is very unhealthy.
On the other hand, television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed because it's very interesting for them because they can learn something. For instance, there are many shows on the TV that are especially for very young children and that try to teach them something by having fun which can be very effective.

In my opinion, television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed but the parents shouldn't let their children whatch TV too often because it's very important for their health and social life that they also do other things, for example play with their friends. I think that the parents should make a rule that says how long their children are allowed to whatch TV and what they are allowed to whatch, for instance half an hour a day and just the programm that's especially for childrem so that it can't happen that the parents sit their children in front of the TV so that they don't have to care about them. It's very important that they undertake something with their children, for example they could go to the playgroung.
In the end, I'd like to say that young children should be allowed to whatch TV because it can be interesting for them and they can learn something. But their parents have to whatch that they don't do it too long.  