Television advertising has a big role in modern society. Cigarettes, snacks or smartphones. Almost everything has its own advertise. But what about toys for kids? Do they need advertises directed to them or does it has a negative effect on them? Should television advertising directed toward young children not be allowed?
Advertising has an effect on everybody, no matter if he or she is young or old. Nevertheless it's not a secret that little kids are likely to be influenced by such things. If a kid sees that this toy is the best, like it is said in the advertise, it believes that it is tne best. But sometimes things are to expensives to affort for some families. A kid who believes only this toy is the best could be frustrated or sad if it does'nt get this toy, a situation that could be strenghten by other children who have this toy. Furthermore could the other kids begin to bully a kid who has not got the best toy like they said in the advertise. 
Anyway the modern world is full of advertises. Not only in TV but also in the internet at train stations or on walls in cities. So where is the difference between an advertise that says :"Parents buy this or that for your kids because it's the best", or if it says:"Kids look, that's the best toy in the world". The message is the same for children. They see this toy is the best and they want it. Especially kids aged two to five can not differentiate between advertises directed to them and advertises directed to other persons.
Moreover the parents are responsible for teaching some things to their kids. They have to make them clear that not everything said in television is right. On the one hand a confrontation with this kind of advertising could be bad on the other hand children can only learn from it if they are confronted with it and learn to spectate advertising from other perspectives.
I think rather than ban advertises directed to kids from television it is more important to teach the kids how to deal with advertises. If they'd just be abandonned the kids would never learn how to deal with things or persons that try to manipulate them. Maybe they would even be easier influenced by populists than other persons if They did not learn howe to say :"No!"