As technoglogy evolves more and more product selling companies find more ways to advertise their products and trick people into believing they need those products, this being achieved by making use of several psychological tricks and methods.
And since there aren't only products for adult people the focus is also on teenagers and children. In fact a lot of companies only sell toys for children, making this an essential part of our economy.
But keeping in mind how companies find ways to manipulate their potential customers the question arises whether or not advertising, in particular on television, directly addressed to children should be prohibited.

In order to support this statement one could argue and say that due to their childish minds and behaviours kids are much more easily tricked into doing an believing things than adults, making it much easier to make them want to have certain things. Someone may take this to an extreme and say that kids' childish natures are being abused, which is highly questionable from a moralic point of view.
Furthermore children influenced by tv ads are going to to try and make their parents buy those certain products which they most likely won't thus frustrating the kids and all in all causing unnecessary tears.

Despite having taken the negative aspects into consideration the opposing side should have jusgt as much attention.
So eventhough tv advertising might influence children there is no sign that it causes any major negative effects or even damgage to them, it does not hurt them after all. Has there ever been a child being seemingly damaged by wanting a new toy car? Doubtful.
In order to answer the question as to whether or not such tv ads should be banned or not the companies' perspectives should also be taken into consideration. From their point of view advertising is essential to find potential customers.
And also if they suddenly weren't allowed to show ads on tv anymore they'd surely find another way to advertise their products, for example via smartphones.

Giving attention to both sides we can conclude that tv advertising should not be banned.