Advertising has always been a very controversial topic, even in the early days of printed media, there have already been provoking and oftentimes rather strange means used by certain companies to advertise their products. But since the implementation of television in the last century, it has quickly began to develop into an even more pressing issue. Mainly because the audience who is exposed to said advertisements is growing ever younger, with children as young as two years of age already actively watching television. This of course raises the question whether or not these children should also be considered a potential target group by companies, with advertisements directly targeted at them, or if this process should be strictly banned in order to protect those children.
Certainly one could argue that advertisement has no measurable impact on the behaviour of children, and while that might be true, it is also worth considering the fact that the exposure to advertisements requires a basic understanding of the market, of being able to manage your income, carefully determining whether or not an investion really is worth it. Young children obviously have in most cases not yet developped these abilities, which means that they cannot make an informed decision on whether or not to like a certain product, but rather are lured in by the most mesmerizing advertisment. And this isn't really what the free market should be about, although it may cause great profit to certain companies, it undoubtedly exploits young human beings for the sole sake of earining money, which I personally would deem immoral.
Of course it is now possible to state that while the advertisements might be directed at children, it is ultimately their parents who are at fault, firstly for exposing them to television at such a young age and secondly for letting them spend their pocketmoney on everything they want without supervision. And this is indeed the case, yet only partially, because parents can't be blamed for exposing their children to something they had no prior knowledge of that it even existed. They simply were naïve enough to trust the advertisors, assuming that they would never resort to such despicable means. But it also has to be conceded that parents should at all cost supervise their children while they are spending their pocketmoney, especially at such an early age, and this has become a problem of quite some magnitude, as many parents no longer show real care for their offspring while shopping, a phenomenon which can easily be observed by visting a store of choice at a busy hour of day.
In conclusion, I personally would argue that despite the partial irresponsibility which can be attributed to the parents, companies should be strictly prohibited from directing their advertisement towards a audience too young to understand even the underlying meaning, the concept of advertisement. And while it might not have an impact on them directly, it still exploits them. Thusly I would describe companies directing their advertisements towards young children as being exploitative, driven by greed rather than compassion, and downright disgusting.