The question if children between two and five should be the audience of adverstising is difficult.

Young children are very easy to control and to influence. If they see something, they are not capible of nmaking up an own opinion. That is why advertising on telvision in between kids program is not good. Children want to have the toy and will be mad about their parents, if they do not get the product. Then  the parents are in the situation to forbid their children something the television says they are allowed to get. 

But in the most televion channels for kids, there is less advertising in the morning, when espiaclliy children age two to five watch teelvision. There is less of an optertunity for them to see advertising, so the question is if there really is television adcertising direceted to only this age group.

Still there is the chance of seeing advertising and the wish rises of getting more and more toys. The value of one product gets less, because of the high onsume. I think it is not right to manipulate children through advertising. Even though they might get the product, advertising is not all about reality and the child might get disappointed.

On the other hand children get conftonted with advertising daily. Even when the television is turned of, there are enough adverts in kids magazines or on big posters wich are hung up all over the place. The child can not not see the newest products, that his parents should buy.

But the problem with television advertising is, that you do not have to know how to read the posters or buy the magazine. It is free to turn on the television and watch at all the concerns, wich try to sell their "newest" and "best" product to little kids wich do not know better.

I think that not allowing television advertising directed to children aged two to five would not make such a big of a change. Our whole society is about buying and selling - consuming. You can not protect you child fully and forever. But I do think that we have to start somewhere. We can not ban all posters and magazines. But we can decide wich shows and programs our child should watch. In shows like "Toggolino" or " zdfTivi" there is no advertising in the morning. As a kid I watched "Sandmann" in the evening and there was no advertising aswell.

So no, it should not be a law or a rule for all channels to not show advertising. But in the primetime for younger children to watch television, it should be at least reduced. That would be copmromise. To ban it completitly will not stop the child from beeing influenced by adverts.