Televison advertising to children between two to five - a controversal topic which is often discussed. In the following text I am going to explain some arguments in favour and against the topic to get an answer. 

First of all you have to say that the television has a big influence not just on young children but on everyone of us.

But the influcene of advertisment directed toward younger children is probably even higher. They do not always understand that everything they see coasts money and that advertisment has just one use - convincing people to buy the product. For example a young boy who maybe already has a lot of cars sees advertisment on a new one, the advertisment tells him that this car is way better then all others - the boy will probably believe that and will feel the need to get this car. While an adult is maybe going to understand that there is no need for this new car because the boy already has a lot and the new car is not better at all. Another point ist that when young kids see advertisment about new products everyday they will not be satisfied about what they have because they always see that there are new and better products. 
One point against this two arguments is that this unsatisfaction and the feel to need the new product is not just by young kids also grown-ups can feel that way because of advertisment. Another point ist that there is not just advertisment on television but also in the shops or by games on smartphones. For example at a game with little monsters there maybe is advertisment for the monsters as figures to buy. Such advertisment is also not directed to adults but to younger children. And in our society it is not unusal to play with smartphones even at an young age.

Summing all up I think it is clear that advertisment is not good for younger children but we cannot do a lot against it. Advertisment is everywhere and even if parents do not let their kids watch TV or play on smartphones the children will get in contact with advertisment you cannot protect children from it. The only thing we can do is to teach younger children that they do not need everything shown by advertisment and to think critical about the facts told by advertisment and maybe for this it is even better to start at a young age because advertisment belongs to our everyday life.