Television advertising is something that nobody really likes but is is essential for the income and survival of every TV channel. If there wouldn't be any advertising on TV we would have to pay a lot more taxes in order to support the national TV channels. 
A ban of advertising directed towards young children is complete nonsense. Children aged two to five shouldn't be watching TV all day. They should be doing something useful and learn something. But parents nowadays just think that having children doesn't take so much time and effort. That's why the also want to give their kids away during the day to a children daycare while they are working from 9 to 5. They also want to make the taxpayers pay for it, just because they didn't think of all the consequences that having a child includes. But instead of spending time with their kids they rather just put a screen in front of the child's face so they are occupied.
These are the people that don't think of effects that their behaviour and actions have. They just do what sounds pretty and feels good. For example letting all asylum seekers stay in the country and generally letting everybody into Switzerland. It may sound pretty at first because we are such open-minded people but you know what. I don't care. If we would all support and share this opinion our home country will go down the drain. We would be foreign in our own country. When you look at the birthrates of a Swiss woman and a for example Afrcian woman you see that soon there will be more foreigners than Swiss. This scenario really scares me. As a proud Swiss I don't want our home country to be invaded by Africans. I sure am open-minded but the idea of the global citizen gives me nightmares. Being Swiss is part of who I am. Not feeling welcome in your own country is a horror scenario. It seems like this is far away but already now I can hear "fuck Switzerland" and so on from immigrants who should be grateful to live in this country. Switzerland will soon be the country of foreigners if we don't stop this. 