In our century it is totally normal to see some children playing with the smartphones of their parents while they're talking with other people or just don't have enough time to look after their childs. So why should television advertising not be allowed?

 The children are to young to really understand what they are seeing in the Tv. They can't understand the real background of advertising so they wouldn't be affected by it. But maybe if they at the age of five years they can learn something for life by watching the advertising, as an example: watching this things about healthy food or just anything about a healthy lifestyle. Of course they don't understand this things at this time but maybe when the grown up they remind something about the advertising and then they understand. So in one way advertising supports the education of the children. 

On the other hand you can say that watching Tv at the age of two years isn't really good for their eyes. Because if I watch TV for too long, my eyes begin to hurt and I can't let them stay open so I have to close them to stop the burning inside and I think that if you're just two years old that would be many times worse. So too much TV  is really unhealthy not only just for the childs. They could also be perplexed by the crazy and sometimes really stupid advertising which were playing between our films and series. I think also that if you have a child between two and five years you could do so many beautiful things with it than just watching some stupid Tv shows. In my opinion the child could learn so much more about life outside in the forest than inside on the couch. Especially the advertising never shows the real world. Every advertising in the Tv is re-worked by photoshop or some other programm that makes the pictures or the little short-films more pretty and nearly perfect. As a result the child doesn't get to know the real society out there and so they don't learn really anything right about life. Sometimes this advertising affects a child so much that it want to be like their idol in the Tv that it falls into a down and is really unhappy with him-self.

In my opinion the advertising has not to be forbidden for the children but then the parents have to say them if something isn't right and is just invited stuff. So in that way I think that advertising is good for them because then they could learn something about the life that they have to live when they have been grown up.
But the medias should also don't do longer this stupid, not really helpful advertising which is just stupid. 