We all watch televison. To relax after a long day of work, to inform oneself or just to let the kids enjoy nice, colorful animated series and enjoy the peace and quet for a moment. But what about the advertisements in between the series? Adults are animated to buy products by them; but so are kids. But as kids can only use the money of their parents, is it okay to advertise things to children?

Firstly, children who don't visit a daycare or are in contact with other children only have the toys they get form their parents and they only know about them. Advertisements are useful for a child do get an idea what they could wish for for their birthday or for Christmas. They also learn to distinguish between what they like and what they don't like. Maybe they even invent an own new way to play with their toys they already have, which is important for children. It may even be helpful for the parents so they get an idea what children could like and what may be useful for their development.

In addition, all the child can to is ask for it. They can't go and buy it themselves, especially at the ages of two to five, so why is it a problem? Parents can always say that they won't buy it or tell them that they would get it for their birthday or another occasion. Children also forget about things they don't see anymore and once the advertisement for the product is no longer shown, the demand for it will also end.

Lastly, children at the ages from two to five experience an inmesurable amount of things throughout their day. The advertisement is just one little thing and if children don't watch TV six hours a day, they won't be influenced as much as they are influenced by their mother or father, the nature or other children. Children will like the toy but even if they never get it, if they are raised right, there is no need to be worried about them. They also learn to deal with it at an early age. They will be in contact with advertisements their whole life and if they know what to do with the information they get from the TV as early as possible, they will not be influenced as much later.

In contrary, people are way too materialistic. People own too much and when you have children, you get to know that even more. Everybody gives you loads of things for your newborn and you're practically being suffocated by all the things you own. Making advertisements for children will only support this even more. If children go to daycare they meet other children with other toys and of course they always want to have the best toy and as this is always the one in the latest advertisement, you should stop advertising directly towards children aged two to five as they can not know what it means to buy more and more stuff.

In conclusion, advertisements towards children isn't a bad thing, in the end it all comes down to how the parents handle the situation if their kid always asks for more and better toys. Toys play a major role in a child's life and are important to develop creativity and an understanding of possession. Advertisements can help develop an understanding of what is necessary and what isn't. If you wanted to prohibit advertising towards children, you should also prohibit advertising towards adults as there are also people who don't know how to spend money, neither do small children. If the guidance is right, advertisements can be a supporting factor of the development of a child.