Children and Television

Television advertising toward young children have to be allowed because it helps children to lern saying what they want.If they want seeing a particular show in de TV because they like it or if they don't want because they dislike this kind of television show. 

Television advertising helps parents with her children because if children are able to say what they like or dislike it's mutch easier for the parents to go along with their children. there are less fights between them because the parents knows what their children really want.

Televison advertising toward young children have to be stopt because it's absolutely not necessairy that young children have to be confronted with such things. If anybody makes advertisment toward children in TV it's dangerous for the developpement of the childrenhood. Children have to play and move and not just looking TV.

Children aged two to five are in that particular age where they are very influencable by something. So Television advertising toward them should not be allowed. Every serie in TV have some elements which influence you and make that you want to see every episode of them. so it's a kind of a druge for people especially young people.

I think it should not be allowed because the Television companies knows how they get new people or how they influence them. I think it's not necessairy that kids in this age look TV every evening because they don't want to miss a serie. Let the kids be kids. Let them play outside because later they have so much things to do with electric things so i think in this age you should play and don't worry about somethings. And television advertising is able to give them a wrong perspectiv of the world and which things are importent and which are absolutely unimportant like having a special product for beeing cool.Advertisment can make a cap between children because it says them what is cool and what not. so  mobbing in their later years could be a big topic if they never learn what is really important. 

