We all remember  those toy-adverts from our childhood in which there's a child running around in a toystore and picking up all the toys he or she desired. And secretley,we all wished that that could be us. And when we finally got the chance to make a wishlist for an upcoming birthday or christmas, we wrote down all the cool stuff we had seen on television.
But is it good for a child to want all those things?

What an advert of a toy shows you is just latest version of their product. Then they advertise it in such a way that kids believe it's bigger and better. Take Barbie for an example: Actually it is alway the same doll, ust fressed differently and put in different clothing. Immediately all the little girls sitting at home, watching some kids show want to own her. And theadverts are smart. They make sure that it seems to be a totally new thing and is nothing like the previous version. And it is not just Barbie. All the bigger toy brands do this. 

When a birthday or christmas come up and you ask a child "What do want me to get you?" They can immediately give you a whole list of toys they want to have. This way you will never end up buying something the child might not like. And when you walk into the store they make sure that the toys that have been advertised a lot are placed in a spot where no one could possible miss it. This makes shopping for toys much easier for everyone involved.

Maybe advertising so many toys and products for young children makes them become gready. They will alway be able to see that a new toy or model had been released. But speaking as one of those children who grew up watching all those adverts, I know that they don't do that much harm. They might make me want to have new toys, but in the end itis the parent's choice to buy it or not. I also believe that it helps you to learn that you can't everything you want from a very young age on. 

In my opinion, television advertising directed to young children should not be forbidden. Young kids will grow up too and learn not to believe everything they see or hear. And they will learn that you don't need the latest toy to have fun and be happy. 
           
 