It is tested that it's not very good for the brain if you look to much television, it could be that you afterwards have a brain disease or your head hurts. I think it's not very good but it can help your intelligence when you start to understand things. I agree with this statement because with the age of two or three years it's not important to look television to train your intelligence, you can train your intelligence as well with playing some games with cards or something like this. It is difficult to abolish the television advertising because you can't test if one makes it or not. This is a question for the parents of this children they should decide if it's good or not. If I would have children in this age I wouldn't allow them to watch television they should play outside or if the weather is bad they should play inside with cards or some plays but not games on the computer or handy because this would have the same effect as if they could watch television.
Finally I would agree with the statement because its not good for your health and the most time in the television you can watch more or less just nonsense and this is not good for your intelligence this helps you nothing. The children aged two years wouldn't understand something of what happens they would only watch the pictures and that they can do as well with some picturebooks or they draw their own little pictures. In our society many children have a handy at the age of ten or younger and they could watch television whenever they want but this is a question of the upbringing of their parents if they won't play something with them or the children haven't learnt to play alone the parents would let them watch television but we can't abolish something like this it's the bad outcome of our new society. But we can abolish it in the nurseries and this we should do. The nursery teachers aren't there to watch television with the children they are there to look after the children and play with them. If we could we should make an initiative to abolish televisions in all nurseries in Switzerland or as well in other countries. But in our age it isn't possible to make something like this we haven't the right to do this.