The statement " television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed" is not easily to answer. Then it is right that young children at that age have to learn much from the natur and from all outside and that the television is not telling the truth. But young have also a lots of energy and some adult could not be able to play with their children all the time and some adults have not the time for such a young kid.So they are putting their kid in front of a television for some free time themselfs.But now we know that the latest television is too high for a three year old child, then there are too much pictures wich appears at one sekund and the young brain could not work with so much. So taht the kids could not sleep at night, because the brain is after three hours still working to overlook all this information. That is one point that defeat one of the excuses for sitting their children in front of that thing. Then when the children could not sleep the adult have much more work to do with them, when there are tired too. So the parents should teach the childrens early as they could to play on their own, like drawing or playing Lego or something like that. Maybe they could invite other kids too. But the televions could also show the kid a new fantastic world with fantasy or a childhood hero, but then the televison time have a limit like for an four years old child a half hour a day. There is also big problem there when the kid see things like a murderer or something like that, then then the child getting nightmares. 
So my personally opinion is, that children under five years should not watching television because they have much more opportunitys for their freetime wich all are better than watching TV and getting maybe problems when they want to sleep. And if the parents have no time for their child or no friend has time to play with them, then the telivision is no option. Then childrens could do something on there own because at that age are all humans creative. 