There is a lot of television advertising that runs on our TV all day. The fascinating thing about these adverts is the fact that they manipulate us to buy a certain product. And of course they also manipulate the young children because they are easy to influence and if a child has a wish many parents want to make it true.
But because it is so easy to manipulate young children one could say that it shouldn´t be allowed to do television advertising directed to these young children between an age of two and five. 
In my opinion this kind of advertisings should be allowed. 
Yes children are very easy to manipulate. They don´t know the tricks of the marketing-companies and think everything they see on TV is true. They could really get a wrong picture of the world and of life if they see these advertisings. But this isn´t the fault of the advertisings. It is their job to manipulate us so that we want this perfect life that is showm in this advert. And we shall think that we can get this life if we buy these products. 
I think it´s the responsibility of their parents not to let them think everything in the television advertisings is true. 
If children see something fancy in the advertisings they want to have it and they are getting on their parents nerves until they buy it. Children can have a very strong will and parents see theirselves forced by the advertisings to buy things the children want to have. But again the parents are responsible. They are the ones that buy things they have the money they make the final decision. And if they don´t get manipulated by the television advertisings and they don´t want to buy things thier children want to have they don´t have to buy them. That´s how easy it is. 
And another thing that every parent should think about:doesn´t my child watch to much TV if it gets manipulated so bad by the advertising? 
The only problem is that I know that there are parents that don´t mind if theire children watch TV all day and that they dont´t care or don´t know about the manipulation caused by the television advertisings. This is sad and because of this I would like to change my opinion and say this kind of advertising shouldn`t be allowed to protect the poor children which have parents that don´t know how to protect their children by their own.