In the following, I will analyze wether Television advertising directed toward young children should be forbidden or not. In the past, this topic has often been discussed by politicans. 
Firstly, it is important to ask yourself wether or not it really is a problem. Because children in such a young age don't really question what they see. They just want to be entertained by funny things, which is often not the case, when they see advertises for adults. Does it really bother them, or is it just us, the older generation, that questions everything? Do they really care? 
But is this, the fact, that they don't really question what they see, not the biggest problem? I mean, it is possible, that they, because they just accept the seen things, get influenced in a negative way. Especially when they see idealized and very thin dolls, it may cause them to think that something may be wrong with them, because they just don't look like that. 
On the other side: is there a better way to advertise toys for kids? With that I mean, that I guess that it would just be kind of strange to look at grown people playing with plastic cars or dolls, wouldn't it? Is it that bad, to make fitting advertises for the product that the companies want to sell? 
Let's not forget about the things that children are tought by advertises. We often see dolls in big castles, who only think about dressing up, who are maybe in a relationship with the different sex, in example Barbie and Ken. And boys, whose interests are almost always just in cars or pirates or something, at least in the advertises. Is this, the fact, that these things are the first things that children see when they turn on the TV, the reason why sexism is still that important, because children are thrown into groups, because they are tought to like the things that are ''normal'' for their gender? Wouldn't it be nice to let children choose the toys that they want to play by themselves, without being influenced by the television? 
In my opinion, I think that it could maybe make a big change, in a positive way, if advertising for young children would be forbidden. But maybe that's not what we really need. We need a change,that's for sure, to not teach children wrong ideals, but is this a reason to just forbid something? I think that it would be better, to just think about better solutions, for example changing the advertises in such a way, that children are not badly influenced by it, as they did, for example, with 'Barbie', because they have introduced new body types. This is why I think, that we need some kind of a revolution in the toy industries and their advertises, but I don't think, that forbidding something is the best solution for that kind of a problem. 