Television plays a big role in the life of many people even younger ones. Many children around the age of two to five already watch TV. The problem with that is the fact that TV-shows come with advertisements. Children are often times easily convincent by others and tend to believe many things they get told.

When it comes to advertisements they could also be convinced to want certain things that are shown on TV. This could prove a problem for the parents when their children want them to buy something new all the time that maybe isn't like the product they saw in the commercial because advertisers tend to glorify their product very much.
Many children could also dislike it when they want a certain product they saw but their parents can't buy it. So in the end it would be a bad experience for the parents but also for the children.
Also the parents are the ones buying the product so the commerials should be directed towards them and not the children.

On the other hand you can see advertisements almost everywhere nowadays and children can also see them. These advertisements could be posters and malls or near toy-shops. Children get influenced by advertisements in any way, not only by TV commercials. Also it would be good for the market and the state to have more people buying more products.

In my opinion the fact that children are influenced by many things so easy makes advertising for such a young group morally problematic because you may change their perception of the real products in a big manner. This system could also be bad for parents, when they can't buy their children certain products over and over again because they don't have the money. This would be bad for everyone involved in this system. In the end the parents have to buy the products advertised for their children so it is their choice to buy it. They don't have to buy things that they don't want their child to play with so they should be the ones that get convinced to buy the product. The commercials should be directed towards the parents and not the children.