Advertising has an very important use for media and products. It is useful to convince people to buy what you want to sell or to get exposure for your company. There is no problem for companies to advertise their products, but can it be directed to every group of people? There need to be ways to get people buying your products and television advertising is definately one of them. Many people watch tv every day and that makes it one of the biggest entertainment sources ever.  It it really important to advertise but the question now is, should television advertising also be directed toward very young children?  
The reasons why it should be allowed is that television advertising is for everyone. That means it is for every group in the society and the young children are one of them. Companies that sell products for young kids, need their advertisements to gain money and exposure. If companies didnt do that, children would not have as much fun as they are having because they dont get the kind of toys they like. The childhood is a very important stage of life. It sets the first milestone in our lives and a beautiful and easy childhood will definately influence the future. 
Young children are seemlingly very influential, that is a fact. What they see and adore at the first moment they witness it, they run to their parents and tell them that they have seen something in the television and they want it for their birthday present. The problem with television advertising is that it has a big influence on people, especially children and that could cause parents to buy stuff for their children that they should not, for example "Lego" that could be swallowed by a young children. There, the parents have to really pay attention and have to make their own impressions on the products they but for their kids. 
In my opinion, it's not okay to advertise products that are directly towards young children, because it can really produce accidents and problems which then have to be solved by the parents and take even their time away. Advertising is just too influential for young kids.
