If you like watching Tv you may have recognized that there is a lot of advertising between your series or movies which always interrupts everything and is just annoying. But moreover and even worse, the fact that not only adutls should be caught. Nowadays advertising is even directed toward young children who are aged two to five. Critics think it should be forbidden to catch the attention of these young children by showing them all the nice toys and sweets they could get for christmas or their birthday.
In  my oppinion they are absolutly right! 
Having a childhood is the most important thing in life. It helps forming your character and should not be influenced by television advertising or any shows. If these kids always watch Tv and dont go outside to neet new people, to discouver their little world, they will never get the chance to be confident and to do things by themselves.
On the other hand the companies which produce all the toys or sweets and clothes do really profite by catching the attention of kids. At least kids are the ones who beg for getting new toys and who are able to make their parents buy all the stuff they want just by looking cute. So actually it wouldnt be helpful to stop the directly advertising toward young children. Moreover by playing with their toys children can have fun and also enjoy life. So why should we forbid this advertising? 
I do exactly know why. Children learn by touching, moving and feeling. Not by constantly sitting in front of the Tv. It makes them stupid watching a lot of Tv. Besides even if they got a lot of toys to play with, we actually know they wont use all of it. They will have their favourite one which they wont change for a long time. Young kids should better go outside and learn something about the nature.
In conclusion the advertising directed toward young children shouldnt be allowed, it makes them even more watching Tv istead of going to explore the world 
They see all the nice stuuf and want to have it, which is not good at all.
