to answer the question wether television advertising directed towards young children should be allowed or not, its necessary to define the question further. Television advertising directed toward young children is talking about children aged two to five and about advertising the products made especially for them like toys. Those products shall no more be advertised and shown in television. The reason for this prohibition is young children being more sensitive to advertising since they can be manipulated more easily and don´t know how advertising works yet.

On the one hand you could say thats just how economy works, if your "target" is easy to persuade, you should exploit it, regardless of their age, if people working in the marketting branche  considered the customers emotions and if they really needed what they sell them, economy wouldn´t work. Growing about, this children could also become one of those marketting managers exploiting young children, forgetting about how they were young and manipulative.
On the other hand one could argue its our duty to protect childrem and be aware of what we´re buying or selling, it´s not only about the children, everywhere everyone tries to make us buy their products, so we should at least protect the children until they understand that what is promised isn´t the truth. In the end, it´s the parents anyway who have to pay for the toys.

I am not against the idea of forbidding television advertisement directed toward young children, I just don´t think, it´s the way how advertising should be handled. In my opinion it would be more useful not letting the kids watch televison too often, but when they are, accompany them and talk about what they see. In this age kids are more willing to learn and understand the world and their surroundings, so i reckon it would be best trying to explain the children how the marketting branche works, giving them the feeling of being important and grown-up. Of course this strategy might not work for children aged two but in this case they can watch Tvchannels without advertisement and at this age they shouldn´t be allowed to watch television anyway. At age three or four when they start talking better, it´s time to explain as much as they can understand, it´s not possible to avoid advertisement and it will never be, learning how to handle it and knowing what´s behind it is the way to go. In the end, children should be allowed to be children, without being tried to be manipulated in the end and they should always have other options like playing outside or cuddling with th