The most negative point from advertising on series for kids is that they can show topics the children don't have  and don't want to know about. If the advertisement is brutal for example or shows a kind of sexual situation the child may not be allowed to watch this. It's not hard to manipulate children. The advertisements can do that if they only shopw a short clip with a happy child with a great toy that the watcher suddently wants to have.

 But that can bea positive argument to.The children can find knew stuff they want to have in advertisements. If they need any wishes for christmas or their next birthday they can find them through advertisements.
 Another argument ist that the parents if they watch television with they're children can see what their child likes as toys. They might know that but there are always surprisings. 
There is also the point that the children have to grow up. If you seperate them from the older ones you push them into another kind of world. Advertisements show you whats up to date in the world. Maybe a five year old child doesn't need that but it's hard to seperate clearly what is a show for children and what is not. 
And if you watch a series about a zoo or generally about pets then you have to sepperate. Many children watch series like that so there would be no advertising but many older people watch it too so you need advertisingh to make money.

I think it's wrong to take advertising away from children because I don't think that it's good to seperate them from the outside world. They have to grow up and you can't controll what children are watching if you aren't the parent. I have the opinion that it's not okay to show stuff that has some brutal or other topics that are not good for children. Maybe a solution can be that on tv channels for kids they don't show such advertisements but most of them are okay for children anyway.  I think if the parents don't want their children to watch advertisements they should watch out for them. That is not the work of the publischer or the persons who make the tv programm. My parents never had a problem with that and I think that is good because I don't like beeing sepperated to the older ones. mybe a child doesn't care because he wouldn't know the another way round but I don't like the idea. I'm not a fan of advertisements generally so I wouldn't really care if they really never show advertisements on childrens channels ever again but I don't watch them so I wouldn't have amn advantage and as a child I didn't care about advertisements. I just don't like the thinking that we have to protect every child.
