I halfly disagree to the upper named statement because why should advertising to children should be forbidden?
Children up to five are also watching TV if the parents allow it. If the mother or the father don't have a problem with dealing with the television advertising why should it not be allowed? 
The parents should be able to know what there children are allowed to watch and what not so i don't think that it should be forbidden for all because it is not the
television that has to think about it.
Also a few spots are also interesting for those young children espacially things about animals or something that they can play with. When i was younger my mum did allow me to watch tv and i would not say that the advertising was bad for me or my future. Young children are often really happy when they get to see some cute animals or a barbie. 
Maybe specific spots should be replaced to spots which are teaching children something about life or make the children happy.
There should not be a advertising that says that smartphones for this aged group are good or that a spot where they get to know what alcohol is.
In my oponion there should be specific times for the programm for the young aged and in the afternoon there should be the programm for the upper aged.
So that parents can easily let there children watch tv and in the afternoon when the children are sleeping the older ones get to see something they want to see.
I agree half of the upper namend statement because some advertising is bad for the children but some aren't even a little bad.
A advertising for children should have specific themes that children love like animals or spots for children based films an series.
But it would better if the advertising would be much shorter so that children get to see what they want and that the programm doesn't take too long.
At the end I summarize my point of view. Television advertising should be allowed but not every spot should be in the programm for these young aged.
The spots should show things children love and nothing children should not see. Also the advertising should be shorter so that the children don't have to watch a long time TV because of the long spots which are shown in the breaks of the programm they want to see.
This would also make it a lot easier for the parents to let the children watch what they want and they don't have to take care that something bad would be shown their children.
  