Television advertising directed towards young children should not be allowed. 


Young children are easy to manipulate, since they are not ablr to think as rational as an adult would.

On one hand it is important for making money and an effective way to sell more products. Industries need to advertise there products to be succesfull. Also it is in the hand of the parents whether or not they allow their children to see television advertising. Also i think that it is better for the children to see adverstisement directed to their age than advertisement directed for adults since that could be worse for their well being.

On the other hand they might not understand that they can not have everything shown in the adverstisement and seeing a lot of great toys might make them think that what they have is not enough which leads them to be unthankfull towards their parents. Also they are not able to think rationally about whether they really need something or not it is easy to manipulate them to thank that they need something shown in the advertisement to be as cool as the children on tv. Which can lead to a low confidence and think that they are only worth something when they own the things shown in the adversisement.

To sum up I do not think that tv advertisement should be forbidden. I think it is imporant for the children to learn that what is shown on tv is not the reality, they need to learn that they can not have everything and that they need to compromise. It is impartant the the parents speak with them about television adversising to make sure that they understand everything correctly and that they do not need the best toys to be confident. That is something that is important to learn at that age. I think that comunication is always better than to forbid something. Of course it is a big problem that children are very navie and believe what they see but it is important for the industries to sell their toys aswell. Parents should deciede whether or not they allow their children to wath programms that show adversisement iand if they do deals with the consequences and explain the children the conce