Many children nowadays are placed in front of a TV and are left there all day long. The problem with this is that they don't only see TV programms that they should not, they also see adverts that are directed towards them, The question now is if these adverts should be forbidden.

First of all it is a problem that little children watch so much TV in general. There are a lot of things that chlidren that age should not be seeing but they do. For example there are a lot of TV programms that treat the subject of monsters and other scary things that could traumatize them for their wole life although they are probably not even meant to do that. There are also TV programms that are just meant for adults like horror movies. If a child watches these kind of filmes it will defintels be traumatized because they don't understand that the things thar are shown in these movies are not even real. They believe what they see in the TV. And this also leads to the main problem with these adverts.

Children believe these adverts. While adults know that most of the things that are said in commercials are exeggerated, children do not know yet. If a character from their favorite TV programm says that these cookies that are formed like them are the best cookies in the entire world the children that sit in front of the TV believe this and go to their parents and want them to buy these cookies and the next time they go grocery-shopping with their parents they will be screaming and will not stop until their mother promises them to buy these cookies.

Advertising isn't a bad thing but when it is directed to children it is very manipulative and shows them things that are very unnecessary but they want them anyway so they go to their parents and ask for these things. Often they don't even know why they want these things they just want them. The problem eith this is that they are invented to this world of consum at a very young age so they grow up with this exeggerated consum if their parents do not do something against this. The commercials bring wrong values to them. The adverstising kind of raises the children towards a direction that is useful for them- also many years later. For example: McDonalds. Their adverts are very good and successful because they are directed towards children and tell them that McDonalds is very healthy and everyone is rella happy and if you go there you will be happy too. Of course, when the children that saw this advert become older they will not believe this but on the inside there is something that still tells them about these values and connects them with the brand.

I don't think that advertising directed towards children should be forbidden but I think that the laws that reat this subject should be a lot harder so that this manipulatve advertising is not aloud any longer because that is the thing that we should worry about.