Too many televesion advertising and too many influences. But is that right that that the children (aged two to five) should not be allowed to watch these advertisings? 
Of course there are pleinty reasons against the television advertinsing. One might be that the young children become influenced and directed by the advertisings. If they watch them too often they might not decide anymore between lies and the reality in these speaches. often, the producers of the advertising of toys lie to put their product in a better view. the children see the toys and want to have them, but is that as good as everybody thought? they have trust in a product which might be bad produced and in the end they will be sad if the toy does not work as they thought and how it was shown in the television advertinsing. 
an other reason to "hide" the advertising toward young children might be that often the advertisings do not show subjects for two to five years old children! Usually they mention subjects for older people or videogames for adults. what do the children would learn if they see brutal videogames like the famouse game "GTA"? yes, they would think that the people how are destroying cars and killing other people is "normal". Young children learn from seeing and doing it. It would be a bit extrem to say that they would do the same like the people in the video game or other advertising but in this case they will learn that to hurt other people with play guns or, as I allready mentioned in video games, is funny! they connect the brutal toys and plays with fun. Learning by doing.
however, television advertising is not bad all the time through. More often, the producers of advertising are showing organisations for helping other children or to supply them. the children can see these horrible pictures and often they want to help them because they can see their "same-aged-friend" in bad living conditions. 
to conclude: of course the children can be bad influenced by advertising and be joked be toysprudcts but often they can learn from advertising which announces for help or non-smoking! Also, the parent can controll when and which ad