In the following text I will discuss whether television advertising towards young children should be allowed or not.

The first point which supports the statement is that children have to learn to deal with wrong information which means they have to learn not to believe everything the see (for example in television). Children in the age of 4 to 5 are already able to talk and to participate in conversations so some of them (depends on how fast they develop) are already able to decide between truth and lie. In this case advertising is a good challenge not to believe everything you see. Of course they need support by their parents who tell their children about the lies that may appear in advertising so it is important that the parents participate at watching television at least sometimes.
On the other hand you have to say that even if some children in this age are able to decide between truth or lies many of them are not. If the parents do not take enough care of their children or just do not have the time the little people are put in front of the television so they are concentrated on something which is not boring. This situation is pretty dangerous because in the case of less time the parents are not able to controll what their children watch or with what kind of advertising they are confronted.
Regarding this point you can say that children in this age are easy to influence by advertising lokking interesting. If there is for example a new Barbie which is presented as pretty, mostly pink and maybe also has glitter in her hair, many girl can not resist and want their parents to buy it.
It is a pity that many parents are not able to prevent their children from lies or wrong statements. Many children are very naive and stubborn so in many cases they believe  everything they see. But due to this point it is unclear whether this really is a danger because 4-5 years old children are not able to go to the store and buy stuff they saw in television advertising because in most of the cases the children do not decide where they spend their money on but the parents do.
To sum it all up I can say that i agree partly with the statement. Television advertising may not help the young people to learn not to believe everything but it also does not make anything worse. Maybe it supports their naive way of thinking in a way but that is a consequence that should actually disappear when the children develop and get older. Personally, I would rather read a book to the children than letting them watch television but sometimes time just does not make it possible. This is why I think television advertising (if it is not too often) is not the best thing children deal with but the consequences (buying the product on their own) would not appear in the most cases. I would say that letting children watch television advertising is not negative but more unnecessary because they can not buy 