Today, watching television became for many young children a part of their daily routine. The hours in spent in front of the screen increase as the quality of images gets better and the variability of different programms bigger. Therefore, many enterprises saw their change in advertising on TV channels to increase their profit. In this way, also young children get in contact with this kind of publicity. But should it really be prohibitted or is a reduction also enough?

It is known sine long, that young children can easily be influenced by their environment, of which television also became a part. By watching television, young children get in contact with adverts which were produced for teenagers or adults. The content and type of this sort of publicity maybe isn't appropriate for their situatioun or age and can have an influence on their behaviour. Children can also feel wrong cravings like faim or the wish to posses the same clothes as the people shown in the advert. This is mainly because children identifiy themselves with the people or animals in a adverts, whose product they liked.

On the other hand, publicity on television can't be forbidden. Many businesses couldn't sell their products anymore and only a few television channels could survive, because they dependent on the money they earn by showing adverts of businesses' products between their products.
If we want to save children from so called "dangerous" advertising, it would also have to be necessary to remove all adverts on panels and big screens in public, like those posters on public transport stations or in cities. New laws concerining advertising would have been made which would lead for sure to many unsatiesfied businessmen and women who saw their freedom of market endangered.

I think, that advertising directed towar yound children should not be abolished because mostly because of the severe influence it would have on industry. It would also mean an incredible amount of work creating new laws and even removing panels and posters on public places. This would definitely lead to many unsatisfied citizens and a lot of unnecessary upheaval. In my opinion, children would be better protected from unapropriate content by creating new places for family activites. 