I think, the statement, that television advertising directetd toward children in the age two to five should not be allowed, has a good point and is true but can`t be used for all cases, where young children see advertisment on the television.
 
There are two different kinds of advertisment on television, you could possibly direct towards young children. 
The first kind is the advertisment for products as toys, candys etc., which are designed and produced for children. In my opinion, these are the advertisments, which shouldn`t be allowed to show or produce to or for children in the age from two to five. Like advertisments for adult people this TV-spots have the purpose of selling as much products as possible. But unlike an adult person a young child can`t judge the product advertised. It can`t calculate the true value and quality of the product, how much it costs and the fairness of the price. Young children are easier to influence than adults, therefore they want the product, for example a toy, that was advertised and don`t uderstand why their parents would possibly don`t buy it. This kind of advertisment just  leads to arguments and unhealthy consume habits, therefore I think it should be banned from the television. 

The second kind of advertisment are spots or trailers for new TV-shows or movies coming to the cinema. This kind of advertisment is, in my opinion, not as bad as the advertisement for toys and simular products. It can be easily tested if a TV-show or a trailer is fitting for the age of the children watching the programm and it hasn`t the purpose to sell a product. Children can ask their parents if they`re allowed to watch the show or the movie and a solution is easier found. Sometimes advertisment like this is necessary for the channel, to draw attention to new shows or movies in it`s programm.

My conclusion is, that advertisment, trying to sell products should be banned for young children but short, informative spots about the channel``s programm or age-fitting movie trailers should be allowed to show. 