In the following essay I want to point out my opinion towards television advertising addressed to young children.
Almost every household has an televison in the 21st century. Advertising is getting more popular because it is an easy way to influence the society. The impact of advertising is a controversial topic in our community.
Television advertising directed towards young children should not be allowed because children are not able to understand the impact of most of the products. Some of them could be harmful and children would get addicted to things which are not good for their development. On the other side even young children have the same rights than parents. They are all potential buyers in the future and ,well, watching advertisment doesnt imply buying this product. Maybe this specific advertisment helps young children to find out what they are going to wish for their birthday. First of all I have a general question. Are young children aged between 2 and 4 interested in watching television? I don´t think so. On the other hand it is proofed that advertisement influences a buyer´s decision. At an age of 3 children should not be confronted with advertisment because they should better go out and play with their freinds. It is also morally questionable when companies try to benefit from children. If advertisement directed towards young children would be allowed young parents who alredy got a low budget had to explain their children that they are not able to buy this product. This disappointment is not good for a young character.
If this kind of advertisemnt should be allowed we would definately need a law and an nutral institution that controlls this law. How sould it be possible for this institution to decide wheater this product is directed towards children at an age of 5? It is just logical that companies would say that their product is made for people at an age of 6 but it can also be used by younger children.
Overall I thing that television advertisement directed towards young chiildren shouldn´t be allowed becuase of the mentioned facts.

    