Either side has a variety of arguments, some better, some worse, in this case. 
The people in favor of a ban of advertisement targeted towards younger children will claim that this is manipulation much like all advertisment, but targeted towards a group that is more vulnerable. This comes from the fact that these children will usually not have made many experiences with advertisement in general and see anything targeted towards them as something they want to own. With how children of this age act, this can be somehwat of a problem for parents as alternatives beyond saying yes or no will often not be available, and telling a small child it can not have something it wants will often lead to issues. One could also claim that targeted advertisment as a whole is something that is questionable at best, as it essentially abuses people's general interests in order to manipulate them into buying something. While this is difficult to pursue further, targeted advertisement can quite often lead to problematic situations. 
At the same time supporters of these ads will claim that it is merely companies doing business, doing their marketing. A company that creates exclusively children's products might rely on advertisements like these and the children in turn insisting on then owning the product mentioned. A ban would mean that either the company would have to quickly find another way to do their marketing or suffer a significant loss in profits. Meanwhile, others will claim that if parents do not want their children to see these advertisements, they simply should not let their children watch live TV and instead rely on recordings or no TV at all. For parents that  care what their children see this is a good option to begin with. A lack of advertising also leads to a more enjoyable experience for children, most of whom are very impatient, which is something the companies creating the ads will abuse aswell. 
Personally I do not care much about this subject, as I neither watch any TV nor plan to have children any time soon if at all.  However, I am generally not in favour of banning things for minor reasons, as, in this case, there are enough ways for parents to work around advertising on TV. Just banning it would hardly do any good and at the same time send a message I disagree with, as a few outraged people should not have the power to dictate what an entire nation can and cannot do. So, while my both my reasons and my resolve on this matter are rather weak, I do not support an action like this.