Television advertising is shown on every canal at every time on TV. There are different advertisings, some are more specific to adults, others to kids. But most of the canals do not seperate their ads and so also young children sometimes could watch ads that are not made for their age group. But advertising also can be inspirering or useful. In the following I will discuss the pros and cons of advertising and if it should not be allowed to show advertising directed toward young children.
On the one handside, advertising which is directed especially toward kids in the age between two and five years could inspire. If for example kids are shown who are playing instruments, doing sports or help inside the house the kids who are watching these scenes might thing that this is really cool because these kids are on TV and what happens on TV often seems great to young children. So they might decide to do things like these too. 
Another point is that there are also ads that are teaching things. Especially on American TV there are often programs for children which are showing how to build certain things. If these programs are shown in television advertising kids get informed about it and are going to watch them and learn something.
But even if there are some things that seem good about television advertising directed toward young children, there is also a negativ side.
At first, ads often show new toys and want the kids to buy them. So the children go to their parents and tell them about the things. But if the parents do not buy the stuff the children can get very angry an ennoying. If these things would not be shown on TV, kids would not know about them and would not want to buy them.
In addition, advertisings are mostly very unrealistic and show things very differently and better than they are. So kids get a wrong image of maybe even important things. And if their parents do not care about what the children are watching or do not teach them how things really are, these children might get problems in their future.
In my opinion it can be very useful not to allowed television advertising to young children. It can protect the kids to belive the "lies" that are telling on TV and to be content witch the things they have without always want to buy new toys.