Television advertising has much to offer for many different generations. But there are cases that are dangerous to direct adverstismnent to young children aged two to five. But what is so dangerous and what are the consequences when televison shows advertisment to young children?

At first young children don't understand everything they see in television. When they watch for example an advertisment for dolls that can say what ever you want, they believe it and want to get one.At this age children are still really naive. But there are often lies in all these advertisments and young children get easily effected by all these things that aren't true and are shown in television. 

Also it's hard for parents to say to their own children that they can't have somehing.Children always cry and are really sad about it. Things that are shown in advertisments are often really expensive and for parents who are for example poor it's hard to stay strong when children want something and get really angry. They can't convince their children easily with arguments and expect their children to understand their money problems. They always want things they can't have without knowing the problems behind it.
 
Young children also don't watch televison very often at that age. They should play with other kids and start to grow with learning by doing. When they watch TV at this age they maybe get used to it and always watch television.This has a big effect on their future, because it's not healthy to not move or do other stuff for example homework and just watch television. That means that it's often not allowed to watch television, because their parents don't want their child to watch it. So there's no chance that the adverstisment is popular to kids. It's a waste of money for all the advertisment companies.

As a conclusion it's not good to show avertisment at televsion toward young children, because it's for both sides a waste of money. Children are too young at that age to watch televsion or especially to understand every word right.