In today's day and age it is impossible to not come across an advertisement every once in a while. Wether it's written on bilboards or seen on TV, a persons day always includes some company's attempt at luring them into buy their product. So why should children be excluded from such an apparently mundane day to day occurance, the answer is that simple, they shouldn't. Just as with a lot of things in life, if you want something, there is some kind of tradeoff, so if you as a parent want to be able to enjoy a brief moment of silence and let your child be educated by the television you also have to live with the fact that companies will want to enthice your child by showing it new toys etc. so first off, if you don't want these ads to have an effect on your children, don't let them watch TV. Second off, why shouldn't they be allowed, just so that you as a parent can have a good night's sleep without beeing tortured into buying that new toy car for your son who has no other cares in the world? No, is the answer. Either you as a parent are rightous enough to stand up to your child and say no, or you give in and enjoy those 5 minutes of silence in which your child isn't bored already with its new toy. Prohibiting companies to make advertisements directed to young children would also impeed the business succes of companies which have that target group, meaning that if everyone can make ads for their respective target group (e.g. makeup for women, viagra for old men) but they can't then that wouldn't be a fair market for products that aren't harmful. Finally those ads aren't out to harm your children, but to give them an incentive to buy a companys products, in other words exactly what all the other ads do to you. So if you really don't want to have your child want what other children already have at its age, then don't let her watch TV and close its eyes when you go out in public, or start to do some actual parenting in stead of limiting toy selling companies from blossom and crippling the market. So do yourself a favor and let the children be children and let the companies do marketing.