There have ever been a big discussion about television advertising. What should be allowed, what shouldn't? Especially advertising directed toward children is a big topic, because there are many proponents, but at least as many opponents. In the following points I will name and compare some of their points. 

First of all, we all know how children are easy to influence. So a great point for the advertising is, that it is really effective, and if a five year old boy sees a toy he likes, he will try to convince his mother to buy it until she does. But anyway, it is really manipulative to just show the children this things and make them to want the toys, and the advertising tries to own the mind of the child, to meka it think of the new toy or whatever the whole time, so it is morally pretty incorrect to show this advertisement to children, because they are not as used to advertising and to think not only of the things mentioned in the advertisement, but also of the things behind it. 

An other point, which goes in the same direction, is, that children are more guided by incentives than adults are, so if they always see the advertisement of one particular thing, they will decide in the store automatically for this thing, or ask their parents to buy this thing, because the only thing they know is, that they have already seen this somewhere so it is probably a good one. This is a strong point, but opponents say, that tese two to five year old children don't even understand and get what the advertisement is about, so it is kind of useless to make advertisement especially for this children. 

Additionally, it is, in the sight of many people, unnecessary and unuseful to make advertisement for children, because in the end the parent have to buy the things. So it would be much better to make advertisement which is directed toward the parents, explaining them how the children are able to profit of these things, and if they are able to cpvince the parents, they will buy it and the company makes much more money than if they convinced the children, because yes, maybe they want the things afterwards, but this doesnot serve anybody because they can not get it and the company can make no profit, and if they direct it directly to the children, maybe the parents are even more shocked that they do something like this and they are not going to buy it out of this reason.

On the other hand, it doesn't hurt somebody if they make advertisement for the young children, and the idea of companies is maybe, to try it once and to watch if it helps to optimize their profit, and if not they can make a different next advertising line, and if it works they can go on like this, so it can be seen as an experiment.

All in all, there are many pros and contras, but in my opinion the contras are much better points, because the manipulating of young children is a dangerous topic, and even if it does not hurt anyone, it should not get more and more and at a point in the future our children are just brain-washed babies which follow all the advertisements, and I guess it is even more profitable to direct it to the parents, because the big influence they have on the children is not useful if it is not the same influece on the parents, because children alone provide no profit.