Which person hadn't seen ever television? Television is a part of our daily life, we watch it to relax, for entertaining reasons, to informate us, what happen around the globe. Most of the humans can't imagine a life wihtout a television. But what is about the younger part in our socierty? Should they watch advertising television shows? Is it good, that there exist shows for such young childrens, or is it a danger for themselves?

It is proved, that television isn't good for the childrens' intelligence. If they are watching television to often, they are getting dumber. The best example for this statement are the Teletubbies. A lot of professors and psychoanalytics worked a long time, to bring out a programme, which would help the children to learn. There have been some parents, who believed in this programme and let their children watch it. Some children, who watched it too often have now big speech problems, because they don't use the normal language in the Teletubbie-show.

On the other hand yound children need always something new and interesting. At television exist a large amount of shows, which are the best entertainer. Young children love watching television, so why won't we let them? There are series, like Bee Maya, Peterson and Findus or Wickie. To look at this series is like to read a little story, so if the children like to hear a good and entertaining story, they just can turn the television on.

Nevertheless, television contains the danger of getting addicted to it. If we take a look at our society, we can clearly see, that there are some people, which can't live wihtout a television or a mobile phone. Young childrens are getting used to television, they stop playing with Lego and they stop going out. It is also possible that they are getting angry, if they can't watch television anymore. It is the obligation of their parents, that they take care of their children and play with them. If a child has a choice between playing football with it's dad or watching television, it would always choose playing football. So it lays in the parents' hands, that their children don't watch to often television and get addicted to it.

Television shows are the best programme, that a poor family could have. If the parents are woking all day long, and they can't buy their children some toys, the children can watch television to entertain themselves. If the parents are at home they an watSo there is a possibility to pass by time as a family, with watching television, the family would be happy.

In my personal opinion, I think that televison is a bad thing for young children. If I was around this age, I always went out to play, make sports, if i stayed in the house i played with my Legos. The children which don't do such things in their childhood, don't know how to have a conversation and they loose the connection to reality. It is truly sad, that people at my age keep staring at their phones, instead of speaking with each other or having a good time. Everything must be photographed, everything must be posted, it is a tragedy. You are may questioning yourself, why I am talking about phones. Television an phones are somehow the same, both of them are entertaining humans, and you can have an addiction to both of them. So the dangers of television are the  same, as the dangers of the mobile phones. So it is nessesery, that espacially young children don't watch television to often.