Television has really invadad our society. In americn homes for example people wake up while, eat or go to bed while watching tv.The tv is always on. Not only it is"manipulating" us, the society with all their food commercials and every little thing that is out there but they lso don't give us a choice not to have to live with it.

It's every parents own responsibility what they let their kids watch and do when they are home and still minor. They can watch their movies, their tv shows and listen to the music channels  they want to. But all these things have one thing in common. The kids decided they wanted to watch the movies, shows or music channels.But the commercials aren't the kids choice anymore.they are being put there directly so the kid gets attacked directly and is pretty much forced to watch them if it intents to finish whatever he is watching at the moment. 
. 
Manufactrues use the break time between movies, shows and talkshows to advertise their products. Adults, for example, they might like on thing in the beginning but then think about it more carefully and waht the consequenses might be. But kids they, if they see a thing they like they want it. Some kids are easier than others and might get distracted by other things in a blink of a second. But others might have attention issues or other problems and get obsessed with that one thing they see. Their minds can't get off that thought that they want to have this toy for example. 

In the end it all depends on the parents, but oftentimes if the kid gets really annoying with that one thing he wants they give it to him so he stops complaining and whining. This leads to a circle. The kids figure out a way of getting what they want, and the parents just keep going with it, because these days everyone has got less time and wants to have a good time without being annoyed. So in the end if a kid always screams around and annoys them, they sure want to make it stop. 

It's also a good way for the company to make a huge amount of money. They only have to put a big effort into their advertising section but otherise they don't have to do anything anymore. The tv does everything for them. All they get out of it is kids wanting to have their things and parents wanting to buy these products to satisfy their screaming and unhappy children. That's the new way of getting costumors.  

I don't think it is a good thing to do. Because now in our society everything runs through television and advertising. That's all we do. obsess about something and buy it. we've got to be an isolated population. and for that i think it's unfair to not only fasten up this whole unnatural prpcess but also to drag the unknowing kids into it. first of all i think they have better things to do then wath tv all day and get spoiled but also they are so innocent that everyone is just profiting from them. 