Essay
 
The topic of this essay will be Should children from the age of two to five have direct contact to the television? to advertise childs with television or should that be forbidden?

The television is some you find in every house, every appartment or even in a camping trailer. Noone want to miss something exciting happen in another part of the world. But televion is not only for informing everybody about the newest topics. It also should entertain and teach you in several things. 
But they aren´t only adults watching the TV(television) there are also childs  wathing even the ones who are two years old. And many critice want to change that they think that the children will get silly when they are whatching TV at that young age and that they should play in the garden to grow up like they did.
But do really get more silly when you are wthing TV? no because their is no proof for such an Argument and so the argument of the critics have no right to claim this argument. Even more some of the child TV-shows try to bring the kids some Knowledge and they aren´t just entertaint they learn something. 
But they are still arguing that they aren´t playing in the garden any longerand that parents don´t do their job proberly and that they don´t want any hard problems during raising up the childs. so they just let them sit in frotn of the TV and do theire job with homeoffice. That is not ok Children like wahtching the TV and this is okay. But the parents need to showup some borders and let their kids know that their is time for TV and time for somthing else like sport or reading a book. These two things are also important for kids and their need to be a mixture between all things a child need to grow up. Just like it ever has been the only thing that changed is that with the TV there is a new option to get childs something to know. But it shouldn´t be over used because that could leed to adiction and children can not use their time for sport or somthing like that.

All in all you can say TV as a tool for Children to learn someting and for their advertaisement is okay except it is not over used. And so it should not be forbidden.


 