Should television not be allowed toward young children at the age from two to five?
There are a lot series for young girls and boys at the television. There are different kinds of television shows for childrens in this age. So that there are shows, that amuse the boys and girls and then there are shows that teach them something like the show "Dori" on Nickelodion. 
At the one hand the television is good to amuse the children and the television keep them a while still and silence. Its a good way to keep them silence if the parents of them haven't got time for a while or if they have to do something, that the Children are not interest in. The shows, that teach the children are funny too, so that the girls and boys like to watch them. This kind of show is good for the kids to teach them some points before thre school starts. The television might be something like a ritual in the lifetime of a children, a lot of children in Germany watch "Sandmännchen" and then go to sleep. Often the whole familie watch this kind of series so that the children have a good time with his or her familie. This shows and series are forever in the heads of the children and may they will watch it with teir children and so on. The TV is a important thing for them.
At the other hand there are a lot series that are just for fun and the children just watch them, because they have nothing else to do. The children just watch this series and don't go outside. This is not good, young children need a lot of sport, to grow up good and healthy. 
Another point is that the language in series for children ist often grammatically not right, so that the young girls and boys learn it wrong, a good example for this is the serie "Teletappi". 
So all in all Television in the young age isn't that bad, the parents of the children just have to look, that the kids don other things, like meeting friends and play outside. It is also good to look what kind of shows the children watch and that the kids not got addictet to them. If the television is used just at some times and not the whole day it is a good thing. 
In my opinion some of the series for young children should be forbitten, because they are a kind of weird and not helpfull for the growing up from young children. But the television should not completly be forbitten for them.