Should television advertisement be allowed towards young children?

Children of our generation are more and more confronted with digital media. The internet grows more and more, social networks like facebook and instagram are used all around the world and the age of children that get theire first phone or tablet is almost at 10 years old. But television was always popular. Parents think it can also help to improve the knowledge of theire kids. The TV-Programm for kids is not comparable with television for older people, but the risks come from advertisement.

Advertises in todays tv-programm is a normal routine. Often the advertises make 30% of a film. We are easy to influence.Strategies that make us buy stuff we see in the TV, are getting better and better. Internet shopping, the next vacation or a new car? All things that look so perfect on the screen. Just to make our live more exciting. To get out of the daily routine. To get attention. But what if it is not us, who are influenced. What if little children with the age of 2 to 5 watch television and see these big bright adverts of cool stuff. Maybe toys or super fun land. The goal is the same, but how good can a 4 years old boy be influenced. It is much easier. For example: A 5 year old girl is shopping with her mother at the supermarket. Those corridors that are full of bright colours get the girls attention. A new pink barbie for her collection would be nice wouldnt it? After 5 minutes her mother pulls out the 10 dollars for the cashier. The little girl is happy and her eyes are shining. Good for her mother. But this happens almost every month. A kid should have a good childhood and needs to grow up in good circumstances. But those are not given if the television would also influence the little girl. With TV-Advertising she would not onnly be influenced in the local supermarket. Allday and everyday. Kids watch much tv and see theire dreams on the screen.

My opinion is tv advertising for kids should not be allowed. The kids are at the beginning of theire live. Companys should not go for little children to make theire income bigger. It is not acceptable. Also the situation we have today with all the social networks. You can barely find 7 years old kids on instagram. Often theire are presented by theire mothers to make them popular. So lets get this straight and start with good parenting first.
