I disagree with the statement that television advertising directed toward young children (age 2-5) should not be allowed. In the followed essay I support my answer with some arguments and specific reasons.

My first argument is that the age of a human do not matter in this case because in every age you were influenced by new technologies and media especially advertisements in the internet. Every group of age watch TV inclusive the advertisement between two shows. And is there really a difference? It's not the case that children in this young age watch more TV than their parents so they did not get a higher influence. 

My second argument is that it is not only negative that the kids see advertisements. They can for example decide what they wanted for their third birthday and so it is in a way much easier for the parents to get presents if the kid has an idea what he wants to get and which things he could like. In the other case, the parents did not know what the kid would make feel happier.

My third argument is that the young children could want things which are showed in the television advertisements but they can not buy them. The decision take the parents and if they did not like her child to get the new bobby car they did not get it simply. In general, the childrens want the newest things which are cool and if all the other kids in the kindergarten have it, automatically they want it too. It's not an influence by the advertisement in general, it depends on what the kids are interested in and that they do not want to be an outsider or something like that. 

My fourth argument is that the kids learn that they can not get everything they want. If the parents decide not to get her kid the newest sneaker it learns that it can not get everything and it could be helpful for their life. If they would always get what they want they would maybe become a snob and maybe a little bit to self-confident. It would not be good for their personality. 

Summarized, I would say it's not good to say that the advertisement should not be allowed for only children aged two to five. In some cases, the advertisements even help the children and if it should be forbidden so it should be for every group of age. 

