"Buy it - you´ll be happy" or "you absolutly need it to survive" are well known slogans which you can hear everyday while watching TV. Most of us think, that they are resistant to those slogans which wannt to make you think, that you absolutely need this or that new proeudkt, but what about little children? It is so eays to influence a child from, let´s say two to five years old. Shoud Television advertising directed toward young people not be allowed anymore?

I think it´s very important to show your child, that it doesnt need too much to survive or better to be lucky. Its important to explain and show them, that it doesnt always need the latest things from TV. If you did a good job, and explained this to your, I think the risk to be influenced by this is not that much anymore. But never the less, is it okay to show advertising, which is directed toward young kids? I think it shoud be illegal. At first because little kids can´t buy thereselfs somethink like a 16 years old could. So if a kid wants this one puppy, the adults have to buy and pay it. I think it´s not okay to use the wishes of children made by advertising to earn money becuase it is way to easy to convince a child, that it wants this or that. If you show an advertising to a child in which you use sentences like "it makes you happy" or "you´ve always wanted" or some videos of lucky kids, it influnces the kids and make them to want something. If you show advertising like this maybe for a smartphone to young man from 20 30 I think less than the half want that.
I explained what to criticice at televidopn directed to young children, but there are also a few good points. At first the company earns a lot, but this isn´t fine for us. Well we also always know the latest fashion trend and also the latest thinks to have to be lucky as a child. But do we need this? I think at the one hand it´s not usesfull to knwo this, but at the other hand it might be interesting to see, what is new and what my child wanna have, for example for christmas.

At least I think theres a nother question, every family shoud ask: how much television is okay or too much?
I woun´d forbit or allow advertising directed to kids. I´d go a third way, making a compromise. In my opinion it should be allowed to show maximal 5 minutes advertising during a programm made for kids. It shoud be a change of serie and advertising, like half an hour tv and then 5 minutes advertising. I´d say it should also be forbidden to say certain sentences like "you barely want this". These are tricks, which a little kid can´t understant, so it want´s this.
But never the less, such a reform will never be allowed by the man who run TV.