Television advertising is important to get your products on the market. It's the same procedure for everyone, children aged tow to five years included. But should it be allowed to advertise products for young children on television?

Young people can't understand that advertises aren't real or show things which are not as right as they see it. A child can't protect itself from television advertising. It will be influenced by the things said and doesn't understand that it doesn't need the things etc. 
Also, a child that age is normally accomanpied by its parents. But parents aren't able to watch every show with their child or to basically be there every minute. It is possible that the child will be afraid after what it has seen during the advertises. Other emotions are possible too, how should the parents know it comes from the advertisements on TV? 
Another problem is the inability of a child to draw a line between realitys and fiction. The advertisements may confuse it some more or promises things which can't be fulfilled for the child. So in the end, the child may be unhappy or sad because its parents can't fulfill its dreams or aren't able to buy the things. The main aim of products is the happiness of their buyers.
On the other hand, the market for products for children is really big. Enterprises have to have the right to promote their products or they will not have the chance to grow. Enterprises are as important as children for our future and they cannot survive if they aren't able to sell their products beacause of missing advertising. There is no other possibilty than to do television advertisements because you can be sure that people, especially children will watch it. 
Moreover, when it is forbidden to do advertisements on TV for children aged 2 to 5, where should you draw the line? Not all people can understand the meaning of advertisements and react to it like child. When you start to not allow advertisements for children, you will end up with forbibben advertisments for adults. As I already said, companies need to promote their products and that is not possible without TV advertising.
Also, it isn't the companies obligation to protect the children from the bad thing in the world. It is the exercise for their parents and if they allow their children to watch TV, they know there will be adverts. Enterprise shouldn't be punished for "missing" parents.

To conclude, it isn't easy to say if television advertisingfor young children should or shouldn't be allowed. I think, companys need the right to advertise their products to everyone, even children. They will soon learn that televison is not the reality and that they can't get everything they want. 