There are multiple reasons why television advertising directed towards young children should be allowed or not.
Some might say it should not be allowed because children are much easier to manipulate than adults and therefore an easier target when it comes to advertising for a product. A different opinion could be that certain products, that are made for young children, need to be advertised directly towards them, so that they know that it exists in the first place and have a chance to form their own opinions and decide whether they want it or not. If for example Christmas is coming up and the parents ask their children what they wish for and they do not even know what their options are, it could be hard for them to decide what to wish for. On the other hand children from age two to five are very young and most of the time they either already know what to wish for, bacause maybe one of their friends owns a toy they like or maybe they saw something in a store. So most of the time it seems like they do not need advertisment on television to find out about certain things, because there are a lot of other ways to do so. 
Another arguement against advertisment for children on television could be, that children of that age should not be watching television very much to begin with, but instead they should be playing outside or with friends. This would also mean that when there are not a lot of children watching television all the time, the point of advertising on that particular platform would become obsolete. Most of the time kids will not pay attention when the commercial breaks come on, because they are only waiting for their show to start again. For those reasons the advertisments on television might not be profitable for the companies making them. Also, it is not right to start manipulate a kids mind in that way at this very young age. It is bad enough that adults are manipulated with advertising on television or anywhere else, but the big difference is, that most of the time they can choose or differ from when they are manipulated and when they are not. Children are not able to see the difference yet and are therefore easier to trick into thinking they need a particular toy for example. The children then think they really need something, when in reality they do not. 
In conclusion I would say that advertising directed towards young children does more harm then it does good and therefore should not be allowed. The reasons against it overweigh the fact that young children need to be informed about products, because there are other ways to do that, other than commercials. And most of the time the parents are the ones who really know what is best for their child, not a commercial on television.