In this essay I am writing about the statemant "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) shoud not be allowed." I am giving some arguments for and againt this statement in the following essay.

First come some arguments for the statement. The first one is, if very young children sit every day infron of a TV, they don't make sport. They don't run outside and look what you can see in the nature and thats bad for the health. For example a child who is 10 hours a day in the natur an makes sport have a better body becouse he is not so fet and you have fun to run outside.
An other argument is, that his body don't say to so much things in the natur "oh it's against me" and not so many childs with a life like this have for example astma. 
The tierd argument for the statemant is, that the children have to lern in young years "you can have fun without TV" becouse If a child don't play often outside in young years they never play outside if they are big children.
The last argument for the statement is, that it is better for the child if real persons do something with them and not a TV.

Now I am speaking about some arguments against the statement. The first one is, that it is easier for the parents to let se childs infornt of a TV as to play with them outside. The parents can do something in the house, for example to wash the clothes and the childrens are heppy that they arte alowed to watch TV.
An ather argument against the statement is, that the children can learn something in the TV. For example there were some shows in the TV who teach them wath is one plus one and this can help them in school.
Ihe thierd argument against the statement is, that the children likes it. They are happy if they are allowed to watch TV.

All in all I agee with the statemant becouse I think it is amportant for the live of the children, that they learn in young years you could do something without technik. You need only a ball to have fun. 
And it is very good for the heals of the children becouse every thing the child meets in young yeas in a good way, the body don't defends aganst it and the childs don't have so many allergies.