This generation is called the ''Social-Media-Generation''. Almost everybody has any technical Object, for example a mobilephone, tablet or television. Even young children have these things and the question is, if television advertising should be allowed or not for young children aged two to five. They're so many television advertisements these days, that it's nealy impossible to control what your children is watching all day long. These advertisements can include some terrible images and words, for example sexual abuse, crime scenes or things that can lead the ''watcher'' to buy products and get trapped by that, especially lucky games or something like this. When young children watch television it's most of the time movies or series specifically made for children, with toys, animals or something to learn. So if the movie is over there are advertisements made for children, for example with new toys or movies (for kids). But if the child switches the programme, they could see advertisements they shouldn't because they're made for adults. Maybe the new trailer for an action movie or an alcohol advertisement. I think some advertisements should be allowed for children, because they're not brutal or something and the kids can watch these without there parents watching over their shoulder. In the season before christmas, when the children don't know what they wanna get from santa claus, advertisements for kids are very useful, because parents can watch these advertisements with them and if the kid likes one of the toys it can be the present for christmas. But there is the big problem with this social media thing. Every young kid has a mobilephone and their parents can't control what they're doing and what they get to see on these. As a parent you can control a little bit what your child is doing on their smartphone, beacause you can download some kind of safety app, which only allows some games, and not apps like Facebook or Instagram. But exacly these games incluse advertisements whether you want to see it or not. You can't avoid them, because the app only works with these advertisements. So if a kid just wants to play a mini-game on their phone they could accidently see an advertisement for a brutal game which includes weapons and murder. Sometimes it's the case, that you click on one of these advertisements and then you get directly to the app-store/playstore. If a child now likes the game but this game costs money, it's a big problem for the parents to check if they're not buying things there not allowed to. The children coud download this game and the parents get the surprise that they have to pay for it. You can say, that the internet and these television advertisements are not safe for young children, especially aged two to five. Because they don't know what they're watching or doing and it can cause some trouble for them and also for their parents. All in all i agree with the statement, that television advertising directed toward children should not be allowed, because it's not safe for them to watch advertisements which are not made for them. In my opinion television advertising especially made for children are ok like the ones with toys, if they not include crime or something like that. But the other ones shouldn't be allowed for these young children. 