In the following I will discuss the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed and support my opinion.
Advertising in general is known for manipulating the brains of their viewers and indicating them to buy specific products. Especially in television these advertisements have started to use psychological tricks to really get into the viewers mind and trigger certain feelings. Of course in an advertisment they only show the positive aspects of their product so we are really fascinated by it. For us adults it is a lot easier to realise this and also think about the negative parts of this product. Children at the age of two to five don't have this kind of critical thinking yet, so when they see for example an advertisement of a speaking doll, they don't understand the consequences this doll might have. So when they see this advertisement where they show this really cool doll that can talk to you and repeat what you are saying and even connect to your smart phone they will go to their parents and ask for the doll so long until it gets what it wants. 
This example has been argued a lot about recently in the news. There was a doll on the market that could be connected to your phone and wifi in you coul tell her what to say with your phone. A lot of children, especially young girls, got this doll until the law made this doll illegal. It was used for secret services like the NSA and could spy on families that own one of those dolls. Children would not recognise dangers like this and not realise the bad sides of their toys. As I said, in advertisements only the positive aspects of the product are shown and in cases of childrens products you can also only see children playing with said product or toy and having the best time. In those advertisements they use a lot of bright coulours and sounds that appeal to the younger viewers to get their attention and keep them interested. 
Also if a child really wants to have something, even if it is not dangerous or harmful to them or their families, it is very hard to say no to a crying child. They start to throw tanrums and make a huge disaster out of it until their parents give up and buy them what they want. So if the telesvision advertising is always directed to young children who are very influencable, the chance of getting their attention and fascination is a lot bigger than with adults.
I do not think that television advertising should be completely forbidden for products that appeal to younger children, but it should not be directed only to them. In general I think children channels on tv such as Disney Channel or Nickelodeon should be completley advertising free, so parents can control what their children watch on the television. With no doubt children are a lot easier to manipulate and this should not be abused by companies that want to sell controversial products.