Television is a big topic in our society nowadays. Everybody has a television at home and knows the evenings were you just sit on the couch watching television. The following text deals with the statement " Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. " This questions is connected to a very controverse topic.
 First of all the adults should decide if there chilldren are allowed to watch televison. There are many channels especially only for children e.g. Disney Channel, Nickelodeon. When children are watching these programs I think it is good to have directed advertising for the children because the television can be very "dangerous" by showing some murder scenes or something like that and for these sepcial channels it is okay to have advertising only for young children. But when you send advertising like this you have to know the risks of these ones. In this young age the children do not know what is good or wrong all in all, so advertising directed to children can change their opinion, mind or development. Another point is that little children like I already mentioned do not know what is good or right and you can influence them very easily in every single way. Besides you also need to be informed about the risk that the children can be very sad if there parents do not buy them the newest presented toy. The children do not understand if  they really need this new toy. The parents might can not offer so much money for this stuff but the children are so manipulated so they will get there parents to buy anything they want. 

In my opinion you have to be very soft with these television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) because you can not know what an influence it has on young children. To sum up I think it is better to have advertising directed to young children than showing them some dangerous scenes but you also have to know that you easily can manipulate childrens. So I disagree and television directed to young children should be allowed but the parents have to controll there children and also to protect them.