I disagree with the statement, although I can understand why someone would say something like that. Advertising and it's rules is something which is really hard to define. Many people are getting annoyed if they are watching television and every twenty minutes or so there is about ten minutes of advertisement for some random products and stores. But eventhough people are getting annoyed this advertising is still neccesary for the people selling a product and it is working because many people will actually buy the shampoo that they have heard about and not the one that they don't know. Especially in television there is advertisement for almost everything. Sure it depends on the channel and on what time of the day or the year you are watching, but beause of that it almost seems like a logical conclusion that there is also advertising for products which are demanded by children aged two to five. 

In the view of a producer of a product for kids, for example a doll, I totally get the point. If you are making advertisement for your doll on a kids channel and around Christmas your sales will increase for sure. The reason for that is that children in that age can be annoylingly demanding and if they see advertising for a toy or on my example a doll they want to have, they will beg their parents as long as they get it or as long as it is written down on their wish list for Christmas.

On the other hand, the point I've just made also works the other way aroud because if you are the parent of one of those kids, the situation can be very hard and stressfull. Everytime your kids watches TV it will see all these fantastic toys and everytime it will come running to you afterwards and beg you for one of them. And what should you do now? It's no good parenting if you always just buy your kid everything it wants but you also don't want to have the same argument everytime your kid had watched television. Or maybe you want to buy your kid that new doll it is always talking about but you just can't afford it. As a parent the situation is bad and I can understand why they would make a statement like the one which had been made in the task.

As I mentioned in the beginning, in my personal opinion I think it is okay to make television advertising directed toward young children because I think this belong to a free market system and is an important point for the econimic nowadays.