Everyone knows that parents are not interested in that there young children (aged two to five) watch television but should it not be allowed?
In our world young children watch television but are they influenced by them so much that they would not play anymore?

On one hand television has a big influence on young children. They want to be like for example superman or batman. When they watch television they see that the superheroes can fly and want also to fly and probably do not understand that it is not real and that they can not fly without for examo an airplane.

On the other hand is television a big part of our modern world and everybody watch some series. If we do not want that our young children watch television probably we must stop it too or watch only sometimes when our children for example sleep. 

Furthermore young children have the oppertunity to play with friends, with their parents or with toys and everybody knows that children have lots of toys. So they can use their time better than to watch television. They must learn to play with their self and probably they also msut learn to be ennoyed.

An other argument is the break between the series. The children see new toys and want to have them. When they would not watch television they would not see this new toys from the market. Parents clearly not have to buy this toys for their children and they probably not buy them every toy but parents want to make their children happy but that is the wrong way. Children must learn that they can not have everything they want and that they are not the middle of the world and when they do not learn it in younge age they probably never learn it.

In conclusion I think that it should not be allowed or that it have olny one/two hours in the week. I personally think that young children must learn to play witih them self and to do diffrent things like playing outside or  drawing. It is interesting for their life to can do something alone and that they do not have someone to entertain them. They must entertain themself. 