In the following I am going to discuss the topic of whether young children (aged two to five) should be allowed to get directed by television advertising. 
Since the sienctist know that much information is captured in our brain without that we would even notice it I think this is a contraversial question. 
First, there should be said that watching too much TV isn´t good for kids, for adults as well but for kids even less. So do we want our children to watch TV programms frequently? However, not all the parents have time for their children the whole day, they would wish so but its reality. So sometimes watching TV seems an thinkable option. 
But if the TV channels would not be allowed to show young children then how would they pay their programm? The stream of TV shows is very expensive and advertisers pay a lot of money for the advertment. So there would be lesser TV shows for kids because they don´t make a lot of money with it. 
I think that if there would be lesser TV shows, the kids definitly watch lesser TV and like I said too much TV is not good for humans every age. Because with less variety you would not be able too choose between different shows you allow your child to watch and so you allow your child less TV. 
On the other hand, could it be right that TV shows for kids are able to transport a lot of soicially valunerable lessons? Often the episodes of TV shows for children are about the moral and the friendly treating of other people, about tolerance and courage. And that are important things to learn for the process of growing-up. 
So, we just decided that watching TV can sometimes be helpful even when it´s not that healthy. But should television advertisment should be forbidden? 
The poor children watching these programms should not get attacted by the big pharmer and human rights hurting industries. I don´t even think they underatnd what they are listening but the danger that in this young years during the structure process of the brain some information get stucked in their mind is very high. So I don´t understand why there should be any advertisment on kids channel because it directs children that are too young to even understand the meaning of it and as a side-effect the parents get adreesed too, but I think it is absurd. 
All in all, my final point is that there should be no television advertisment directed to children between two and five. It is not nessecary and children should watch lesser TV anyway, so if they want to bring in the television advertising do it in programms for older people. 