I`m beggining with some pro arguments:

No they should not be allowed because these young children are more easy to influence then people in any other age.
Beautiful colours, happy song whitin the Advertisments, sometimes yust straight lies about Products.
All in all things and stuff elder people know yust better.

By pushing all these Advertisments about Products into the kids brains, they learn that only the price matters on toys, not their Worth.
When this Progress proceses, this bad influended kids will ever have this revealing damage, of not knowing the difference between things costs and what theiy are really worth because there can be large Intefferences.

Childs could get really mad when they dont get the things they want. If the parents know things better (and its up to hope they do) they will be the bad guys because they want, whitout any measuring reason, their kids to not get these toys.

If they get want they want now they will start to want to have other things right when they get those things they wanted before.

Now I am giving some contra arguments:
They should be allowed because in tho most cases their parents sit next to them while watching TV to tell them what these advertised Products are really up to.

They should be allowed because the kids-channels have to get their money anyways so why not about advertisments?

Even Kids aren`t that easy to influence, so that they want to have everything yust because they yust saw an advertisment, they have forgotten already right away.

In the end I will explain my own opinion:

I think directed to children in age of two to five advertisments should not be allowed because these kids have no idea of how the world really works.
They of no Idea of how does money works at all? Where does it come from? How does thing work, that makes the world function? Even tho I don`t really do. It`s better for kids in these age to be in contact with humans then with the TV, what they would need to have if they `want` the see Advertisments.
Actual the telivision has a to strong force about peoples meaning, for examples those people who watch really much RTL. When Kids in the age of two stgart to become bound to the tv they will not have an easy life. Although it can be pretty frustrating when a kid wants to see this one special episode of whatever and every 15 minutes it has to see some Advertisments, he gets close related to the these products if they have to do with whatever they see right know. All in all Advertisment for kids of the age of under 6 is actual pretty bad.