And once again five minutes of bright clips of dolls and guns are being seen on the TV screen. Loud noise and colorful lights explain in a very disturbing manner five year-olds why this or that toy should be bought and it seems like they actually succeed. Kids today grow up with media, with advertising, with the Internet and many more things. But should it be allowed to manipulate little kids into buying, to manipulate them into the world of capitalism and consum in that early stage of life. on TV.

In my opinion, yes.

My main argument is probably the fact that this a new age! It is simply not comparable to the childhood of my mom. It is a new form of danger, yes, but children should be as fast as possible be able to deal with that kind of influence.

Others will argue that children have no understanding for this up until this point and I do not agree with that. I grew up with television and I understood very early that first of all, television advertising is annoying concidering its length and how often it is placed. I simply never thought of it as a platform to find new things! Second of all, children are way to self-centered to constantly even care about what some people tell you there. 

Yes, of course, sometimes I saw something and was tempted to buy it. But buying it would have needed my mom and it was her resbonsibility to teach me how to consume in a good way. You cannot simply turn off ads fearing your child might get spoiled. Parents need to confrot this topic as early as possible.

What I often heard as well, was that parents are tired of their children begging for things they might have seen on TV. Crying for attention and material things. A world in which children are only satisfied when they hold the toy they so desperatley wanted in their tiny hands. Well, parents before that had to fight in World War II, so I do not think there is any room to file complaints about being bothered by your children who want stuff. Stuff that you could potentially buy, because we are living in the first world - priviliged in most ways.

Which brings me to the next argument. Nowadays it is not just television ads, its YouTube ads that can influence our children. Or a billboard, maybe only an old-fashioned ad in a magazine! If you want to protect your child from all this, you would have to move into the woods. There is no point in only not allowing TELEVISION ads. You either go all the way or you drop it. This is the century of the media! And is protecting your child in this way really the solution?

And more importanty I wonder if this question is even relevant. There is NO way companys will stop making these ads. So what are we even talking about? We should rather talk about how to introduce children to the media, which I now often recommended and pointed out. Parents need to learn that there is no other way. The internet keeps growing, smartphones are a part of our every teeanger (sometimes even childrens) lifes now. If that is wrong or right should not be the topic of the discussion. Accept it and deal with it! 

What strikes me probably the most about this question is that less and less people watch TV. It is going to die eventually. 

Meaning, no, allow ads directed to children on TV. Confont them, talk to them and make them grow up with it so they are not heavily disturbed when they are old enough to dive into the world of social media etc.. The actual world of manipulation and mainstream movements. 