Influences from the new media, especially from ads, has already become a big part in our live, even though me often does not realise it. But should we let the media have such a huge influence towards young children, too? In the following i will answer the question if Televison advertising towards young children should be allowed or not.

First of all it's true that children aged around four years usually don't really know what money is how it works and that their parents don't have infinite money so they see something on TV and are like "I want that. Now. No matter what you say. NOW!" and drive their parents insane. Furthermore is it true that children should not get anything they want even if their parents got the money for it.

But it's also true that TV ads are not the only ads towards children that may have a great influence and tend to annoy their parents until they just want to scream at them: In our time, it's not that unusual that kids, even that age, are given a tablet PC with some kids games like talking cats and jumping little monsters and if you ask me, that's just fine. But those apps are usually for free so they contain ads and the producers now that children are playing their games so there are usually some ads for children there, too. So the problem isn't just the Television.

Furthermore there are many other opportuinities to force parents to buy useless things they're children don't need. E.g the in Germany so called "Quängelzone" is one of them, if you walk into a store, at least here in germany, there is usually a huge billboard next to the cashier containing lots of candy so while the customer waits for paying his items, his kid is watching at all those chocolate next to him and will start asking for some until his father is so stressed out that he will say yes. And that is just one of many opportuinities, just have a look at the advertising strategys in the shopping centre, it's everywhere, also in normal supermarkets, so stopping just the TV ads would prevent nothing.

The last point to argue is if that's even an important question, I mean clearly its arguable if there should be such a huge influence from brands and famous products but is that really the thing that is putting children in danger? Is it there where we should start to protect them? How about dangers on the internet, which is nowadays used so much by children and theyre parents don't have a clue what they are even doing there, another example, related to the TV is what you can see on TV besides the ads: In Germany you are allowed to send nearly anything after 10:00 PM and so they send nearly anything, and even what you can watch before that time is very questionable and often disgusting you have naked people, dark horror storys and even the news may disturb little children and you may say "yeah but I control what my son/daughter is watching" I'd go like "don't fool yourself, then you can also protect them from watching ads, that's not the point here."

So after all it's definetly arguable if you should forbid TV ads, because they have many cons. But if you forbid TV ads then please forbid anything else that may have some influence on children, too. And please first take care of the real dangers before you play the godparent who is just annoyed by his or her child, wanting more and more stuff. In our world it's naive to think that you can avoid the media and I don't think you should so calm down a bit and focus on the real problems.