Nowadays, television advertising is commun in quite every country and for every type of person. So there are also lots of adds directed towards children, but is this ok? Or should this be not allowed? There are diffrent arguments for and against this and in this essay I try to explain some of these. So for exemple the infulence on the children with the result, that they want to have everything. 
Firstly, advertising directed children influence them a lot. As a result, on the one hand, they want everything they see in the television. This causes a lot of discussions with the parents and if they do not get that the classmates would mob them because they have not got all the new things. So this causes a lot of trouble with the parents but also with the colleques. It is hard to show a child, that it could not get this article, because it do not understand this. So it will end in tears and a big catastrophe. As a resualt the parents are probably going to buy it, so the goal of the sellers is achieved. 
As I have shown this type of advertising and influencing is, on the other hand, a good tool to sell a lot. Nevertheless, I think we should not alllow television advertising directed toward children. Firstly the cannot buy things themselves and secondly there are too many discussions with the parents and unhappy chidren then. Nevertheless, there are many sellers, who need this type of advertising to sell there products. In my opinion advertising for childproducts but toward the parents would be a middleway. So the parents are also influenced and would probably think about buying it, but there will not be that much discussions with the kids. The sellers could sell their products even this way. Futhermore there are also other types of advertising. So if it is forbidden in TV , there would be other ways to make adds directed toward children. 
To sum up, I can say, that it is not good, if we make advertising directred towards children in TV, but we should allow it for example in newpapers etc. We should find a compromiss, which is good for both sides.