This essay deals with the following statement: "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed."

Young children from the ages of two to five are not as much able to think in a logic way as older children, teenager or grown ups are. They just started understanding the world by learning how to talk, walk, eat and think. So it is a matter of course that they are not able to find the difference between the world they can see with their own eyes and the world they can see through the television, tablets, mobile phones or other electric devices.
For someone who just started to see things clearly, everything must be real. So, the people in the television must be as real as the people arround them.
Television advertisements want to make us feel as if we truly needed their product. 
To cause such a feeling is esier the more the person who watches the advertisement believes what he or she sees.
If a commercial can make young children believe that the happy girl they can see in the television is just as happy because her mother bought her that new lego toy, they will surely ask their mother to buy them such a toy as well so they could be as happy as the girl they saw in the advertisement.

So, the way commercials make their use of a childs natural naivity is a pro argument for forbiting television advertising towards them. 

But what if a young child never saw a television advertisement? What if the little girl who wanted that lego toy so badly had never felt the sadness after she bought it and the world did not suddenly change into a perfect place? 

How can a child learn to take care of itself and not to believe everything they are told, if you never let them be disappointed. 
Though a little child will go through some disappointments when it sees, that even the nice lady in the commercial, even the little girl in the television lied at them when they said that this lego toy would make their world a perfect place, and when they bought it, it actually didn´t. 
But these experiences are important, so later they will have learned not to believe everything and to think themselves. 