First of all I think that television advertising should not even being allowed directed to adults. I think it is a critical thing because of the fact that there are people with problems like lack of money or lack of money because of an illness where you want to buy more and more eventhough you do not have the money for it. Even if the advertisement is directed to children in the age of two to five it can be possible that there are adults who want to buy it for their children because they think it is especially for them and it is proofed to make them happy. But the problem is that like I mentioned there are adults who do not have the money and it leads them into money problems.
Otherwise I think it is mostly acceptable that some advertising is directed to children in this age especially in christamas or easter time. It is easier for the parents to choose the presents for their children when they see some toys in advertisements and it is presented for them what you can do with it. Also the parents can watch the advertisement too and they can give their statement if it is good or bad for their child or children. In this case the advertising takes away the parents job of finding the right present because the children find their wish in television.
But also it should be mentioned that there are not only adults who can not handle with money. Children are known therefore that they can not handle with money because they mostly spent every single piece on something they would like to have right away and eventhough when they save their money for a specific toy that they saw on television it does not mean that they learn the right dealing with money. It is right that it is a good start to save the money for something specific but I think it is not good that they do not really learn to spend their money right away when they have the abilities to. 
Eventhough every kind of advertising on television is important for the state and companies to get money it is still a bad thing for people who can not deal with money especially for children in a young age like two to five. It is a good way of teaching children to save money but not the spending. All in all I think that it should not be completly forbidden but maybe it should be used less and not that directly to the children.