The fact that kids in this age (two to five) are very easy to manipulate by everything makes it very hard to discuss about if advertising should be shown to kids in this age. I agree with the statement; I don't think advertising should be allowed to be shown to kids in this age.

First of all as I already said kids in this age are easy to manipulate which makes kids just a tool for the companies to get the money from the parents. The children see things in the TV and start crying about how bad they want to own this toy. On the other hand its good to show that there are oppurtunities in which the parents could invest. Not every advertising which is shown on the TV towards children (two to five years old) is manipulative and some are maybe helpful or may cause a better influence on the child. But in generel the companies don't seem to care at all what people buy or how healthy and good for kids it is, all they see is the money they make by showing TV advertising towards kids this age. Most of those advertisings are just really colorful and full of sounds and jingles which stuck in the heads of children. I don't really think it may cause damage for kids to watch those kind of advertisings but I'm not truly of the opinion that its helping in any way too. I remember when I was child I always wanted the big toys to be mine no matter how expensive they were and I knew I never had to pay for them in any way because I knew my parents would get maybe get me them. Most of the time I didn't get them but sometimes it really helped and they got me those toys I wanted. And all of this just because I saw loud and colorful advertisings which showed toys or other stuff which wasn't that good as expected in real life then. Sometimes I was even a little bit disappointed by the toys I got then. The advertisings mostly just come up with new stuff every year e.g. for christmas. Every year the same: 2 moths before christmas time starts they keep showing advertisings towards children in the age of two to five. And basically its the same toy they were showing 4 years ago just a little bit different. 
Basically there is no real problem with showing advertising to children of this age but I just don't seem to like it somehow because I think its a "trap" which snaps every year again. And its not only about the Christmas time, is it?No, its about the whole year. Everyday there are hours of advertising and hours of the shown advertisinge towards kids. Children who are allowed to watch e.g. 2 hours of TV a day always come across advertising. Like theres no real chance to get around it. 

In conclusion I can say that I don't thinks TV advertising should be shown towards kids of this age but in fact it doesn't matter at all because there will always be advertising which is shown towards children and there will always be other ways then TV for example Radio or Newspapers. Although, in my opinion they shouldn't be allowed to present advertising for kids in the age of two to five.