Today more and more children sit in front of a tv screen already at a very young age. It is clear that children not only watch the childrens programm, but also the advertisments inbetween. What is the danger of having ads directed to those young children? And should we go as far as to bann those children oriented ads?

Firstly it is importatn to state that five year olds watching those ads might get influened in the sense that they see a new toy and beg their parents to buy them exactly this toy. On it's next birthday said child might even get the toy. 

On the contrary I have to admit that I am not too sure about this influence on children below the age of five. Two years olds are not old enough to get truly influenced by advertising. Such a young child might not even realise that the toy in the ad is available in stores and it could ask their parents for it.

Furthermore are those ads for children in almost all cases for toys. And the want for new toys comes not only from the tv. For example a child is at a friends house and they play with dolls. And the friend just got a really pretty new doll. The child is most likely to go home that day and ask it's parents for the same doll. The effect is the same maybe even bigger than the one of television advertising. We cannot and should not forbit playing with other children, only because of peer presure, so can we forbit those ads?

I am concludingg that we should not bann the ads in childrens programm, since for now there is no real danger for it. We should though keep an eye on those ads and if there shows to be an actual threat from them then we have to bann them. The real problem with this is not the ads, but that even two year olds already watch tv. I think it is highly problematic that some children sit in front of a screen all day and lack social contact because of this. Maybe we should reduse watching tv for children to one hour a day or even less. That way there would also be less ads, which might or might not influence children.
