The use of technological devices is a main issue in our current life. Also the television determines our lifestyle. So it is understanding that also the advertising contains to the television a field where a big group of people can be directed. Some opponents of this development warn of the influence of children and claim that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.
Of course it is understanding that some experts see a problem in an influence of the childrens because young children often do not have a critical opinion towards the advertising and are going to be fascinated by every product and every advertising.
Added to that experts fear that the contact with television advertising could lead to a worse education because of the easy language and wrong funny meant facts children could assume to be reality. To sum up children might not be able to develop a right behaviour towards television advertising.
On the other hand there are loads of arguments which come to a different conclusion. 
In the opinion of the supporters it is really important to start having contact with our technological devices in young years. They claim that the child using the devices like television would have it easier to understand other, more complex technological devices. What is even more the children who take use of television advertising would develop a better behaviour towards the television including not beeing anxious about it. 
In connection to this argument lots of people state that the forbidden is the most interesting. So if you forbide using television it will be more and more interesting for young children so that you have an opponent effekt.
One last argument to make which should not be forgotten in this contexts is the intention of the advertising directed towards young children. With this strategy concerns want to increase their quote of selling. Young children serve to be a way to increase selling which might be instead of the many arguments for allowing this advertising the main argument not to allow it. The moral aspects stands on the top of all other arguments.
To sum up you can say that our technological development also includes the use of television but anyway the right treatment concerning to television advertising is of paramount importance.
In my opinion it is wrong to deal with a direct television advertising towards young children because they believe easily in many things and are used as a way to sell products. As far as I am concerned for me this is an unmoral behaviour.