Nowadays, children watch more television than ever. It is easy for parents to just let their children sit infront of the TV, where they can watch their favorite shows, sometimes educational, sometimes not. During this time, parents can do housework or prepare things, without having to provide entertainment for their children. But children do not only watch the TV shows, but also the advertising inbetween. Often, they are coloful and full of joy, showing children having fun with friends. Should children really be already exposed to consuming and buying goods at such a young age?

My first argument would be that if the young children see the right advertisment, they could improve their lifestyle. When a child sees an advertisment for a fun thing to do outside, let's say a trampoline, and the parents agree to buy it, the child will automatically spend more time outside. Furthermore, you could argue that if healthy foods are put into an advertisment, the children will see it and recognize it the next time they go shopping with their parents, and will convince them to buy it.

But showing children advertisments at a young age can also help them to be prepared for when they are older, and the world will be full of dangerous advertisments. If a child already realises at a young age that advertisments often show exagerated or fake things, it will be less difficult for them to realise late which kind of advertisments are dangerous. If you never see advertisments at a young age, how will you recognize that even when the advetisments for cigarettes say it is a good thing, it really is not? 

On the other hand, children are very manipulative at that age. The brands which do these advetisments know this, and try to put themselves in the best light. If they let the children think that they will be a superhero or that there are some special gifts inside the advertised good, they will want to own it. And what do you do as a parent in the supermarket, when your child sits down infront of the brand cereals with the special bowl inside from the latest disney movie and starts to cry? The parents give in and buy their children the good, even if they do not approve of it and there is the same non-brand good for a lot less. 



In my opinion, you cannot forbid the televison advertisments which are directed towards children. Brands will always find a way to show their advertisments, and does it really make a difference if children see advertisments directed towards them or their parents? I think it is also a task of parenthood to let your children realise if things are bad or not, and what should influence you. I also saw advertisments as a young child, and I think I can say that nowadays, they do not affect me, because my parents showed me that you do not need to have the brand cereals, even if they have the newest disney figure inside. 
