Nearly everybody of us has a television at home at watches TV on it. Some of us do it more often some of us less. But what about little children? Should they be advertised with television? Especially mothers with young kids are dealing and struggling with those questions. There are different opinions on it but in the following am I going to give some arguments for both sides and my own opinion this topic. 

Having a little child isn't always easy. Not just because they cost mutch and need help with many things. They also nearly always need attention. They always need someone to look for and play with them otherwise they get bored and start to do stuff they're not allowed to and they better shouldn't do. Just put them infront of the TV and letting them watch kidsprogram seems like a welcome possibility to occupy them and get some time for yourself, to do some work, cleaning the house, making dinner, whatever. And I swear, the little will be pleased. They will be pleased for a while but in generall is watching TV nothing that really occupies little kids. They're not used to sit the whole time staring at something which might be funny for a little while but after some time they will start to get bored again. But if they're not they get used to watch TV. They might like it and start to want it more often and that is where the main problem begins.
Little children should experience the world to get to know more, to ecucate themself in a playful way. They should maybe play with friends in the garden to experience the nature, they should bake cakes in their own little face kitchen to get fun in doing things for the houshold or they should take care of their little babydool to feel responsible for something and have something to deal and play with. Children can't just sit infront of the TV the whole day.
Of course, it's nothing bad with it letting them watch TV maybe half an hour aday just to let them maybe watch a serie they like. By doing that the children get used to our media world, to our advertised world in which tecnology gets more and more important. But they shouldn't sit infront of the TV for too long. They should play and experience the world. 

So I would say that it's nt all in all bad to let young children watch TV but it defenitely shouldn't be to long, to mutch. It's more important that they have fun and enjoy their lifes by experience by themself and not by watching other doing it on the TV. 