Personally, I would have to disagree with the statement. I don't think children this young should have television advertisements directed towards them, even though I know that there might be some advantages to it.
One reason why it should be allowed is that even children aged to to five should be made aware of all the possibilities there are for them. By that I mean that just because they're young, they still have the right to know about all the toys for example that they could buy. Since television advertising is one of the most popular ways to advertise these days children should have the opportunity to be 'informed' in this way as well. 
Additionally, older kids and adults have television advertisements directed towards them as well, so why should it be kept from the youngest?
Also advertisements could be a helpful way to later become a part of our society since many of the commercials try to subconsciously teach the kids exactly that. 
These are all the possible advantages that I could think of. On the other hand there are so many reasons as to why television advertising should not be directed at all toward young children.
For one, children of this age are not supposed to be watching much television in the first place so it wouldn't actually be very useful to direct advertisments at them. But if they do a major problem would be the pressure they were under in order to feel accepted. Older kids do have these issues as well but children between two and five are still in such an extreme learning phase of their life that this manipulation would affect them way to easily. Apart from that it shouldn't be a concern of young children to be a functioning part of our society since this society is not anywhere near perfect anyways.
For me the major reason why I disagree with the statement is because children of this age are first of all easy to be manipulated into thinking they need to buy the things advertised in order to be cool and accepted and secondly because they should be exploring the world with their own eyes. By that I mean going outside, having a lot of family time, meeting up with friends and not sitting in front of the TV. If they do want to buy something new they could simply go to a store instead of watching advertisements and expanding their wish list with every new advertisment.
In conclusion, I very much disagree with the statement despite the few advantages. I think they will be manipulated by media later in their life anyway. It is important to at least have a healthy basis in life, a time in which the childrens' happiness didn't depend on media and being cool. 
Therefore I think no television advertisement should be directed toward children of the age two to five.