I agree with this statement. It should not be allowed to direct television advertising toward young children. 

This could be really bad for their development. If children at the age between two and five get involved with television advertising, They could become really materialistic and no one would like to have a child, which only cares about materialistic stuff. A child shouldn't care about such things at all.

It would be a problem for the parents aswell because their children would start to want everything whats in the television advertising. They have always to say no and this could affect their relationship really bad. For exemple if a young child gets everything it wants, because the parents never say no, the child will become really bad. As it gets everything it wants, the child has no strict rules or something like that.
On the other hand there will be parents, which won't allow their children to buy anything. This children will always see the television advertising and know:"I never get that from my parents." This children will start to lie sooner because they want to have at least something "cool" or to do "cool" things. 

But the television advertising isn't the general problem. The real problem is that young children shouldn't watch television so often. They should play outside an meet their friends to play soccer or catch and hide. They should run around instead of sitting alone at home in front of the television. So if the producers make advertising directed toward young children, it isn't completly their fault, because parents have to look after their children. So they should be able to control with which influences their children get in touch!

I come to the conclusion that eventough it's really bad for the development and behaviour for children to watch television advertising which were directed toward them, it's not the entire fault from the producers and the television industry. Because if there weren't that much children, which are watching television, the big companies haven't had the idea of directing television advertising toward such young children. So you could say I agree totally with the statement, that it should not be allowed to direct television advertising toward young children, but if there wasn't such a big amount of children which are watching television there wouldn't exist television advertising toward them.

