In our television are advertisments every time between series or just in a break between them. But who should be directed? Only adults and teenager or also young children?
Children also watch TV but not the very young ones. If parents allow their kid to watch TV they also have to know what they will see. Not only which program , also what they see inbetween , that means things like advertisments. Young children shouldn't
 watch TV often but if they do , they can also see what they see in toy shops or other shops. Advertisments show games and toys in a special light , that means in the best way, but parents have to control what kids get and why. The children also see the advertisments by visiting a friend who has got this amazing toy so it depends on the parents if they tell the kid what is real and what is fake.Some kids also can see what they could wish for christmas or their birthdays so you don't have to go to a shop and stay there for hours because your kid can watch TV and all the toys and games in there. That can be useful for the development of the kid so it learns from a young age what media does. There are also programs with no advertisment at all so if you don't want to forbide the television you could install only these programs.

But on the other hand there are some negative facts about advertisment to yound kids. A lot of kids haven't got so much money and they also watch TV. When they see these advertisments they want some toys like other kids but they know or get to know that they haven't got the money. That could make them feel bad and not good enough compared to other kids. Another fact is that they don't know what is real about this advertisments and what is not. Maybe they think the "Playmobil" firemen can really walk but in real they have to move them by hand. They also can't know what is useful and what is not that could make them want things they don't need and maybe they get them but in the end they are disappointed because they thought it would look or be different. If the children are allowed to watch TV the programs should be useful for example a school cartoon which helps them to learn maths or something but it should not be unuseful by showing a lot of things they will never get.

I think advertisments to young children shouldn't be alloweed because you can go in a shop and see which toy you like and then your kid knows what it is in real life and can think about wanting it or not.    