Nobody really likes advertisements, but if the question comes up, if they should be directed to young children aswell, the societys opinions start to split up into two groups. 
First young children are humans aswell as adults and both are getting manipulated by advertisemants, but until the age of five years it is definitively the parents fault, if they buy things for their children, which were seen in advertisements. In our modern society there is manipulation everywhere, so it would be awkward if the children to an age of five were the only ones not getting involved into the system of the modern life.
On the other hand it would probably be better to take children out of the system until they are five years old, because they are not yet certain of a division into poor and rich that much, because nobody is really investing money to get expensive clother from special designers or toys from special stores. So there wouldn´t be such a division in poor and rich in zhe first years of a childhood and poor people would get involved into society a lot easier.
On the other side the world market is also aiming on convincing young children of their own products so a whole marked would be forced to get a lot smaller. Furthermore the children do not really get informed about the amount of toys and clothes, so they probably would not know what to buy.
But another thing to mention is that it is not really necessary to manipulate young children, because until the age of five there is not that amount of time they spend at media and if it is possible to protect them they could develop themselves a lot easier, because they don´t have to worry about not having the best and most expensive toys and clothes. Until the age of five it´s mostly the parents part to buy sweets, clothes and toys, so it wouldn´t matter that much.
Last but not least the parents of those children are watching TV aswell, and so it would just remain more of a mental problem, because the parents are rather buying things that are shown in advertisements, than things that were never shown.

To put it in a nutshell I am convinced that it should not be forbidden to make TV advertising directed toward young children, because until the age of five it is the parents job to buy things for their children and care about it.