The given statement ´ Television advertising directed toward young children(aged two to five) should not be allowed ´ is in my opinion right.
My starting point is that it´s way better to not put children around the mentioned age infront of a television because they easily get addicted to the series but it´s way more importent for them to explore the real world around them. Sure the shown series and movies are extra for children but the children should go outside and play with their friends, siblings or familiy members. If they always sit infront of the television just because parents thinkn it´s  good for them the children could miss the an important part of there childhood. So if the television advertising directly to young children wouldn´t be allowed there wouldn´t be an excuse for the children to not exlore their surroundings.
On the other side the television is especially made for children around this age so it should be easy to understand and also give them new things to dry. For example are there lots of series like ´Art Attack ´which are about making new stuff with paper, drawings, toys and etc. by themselves. That is a pretty good opportunity for children to be creative and try lots of new stuff. There is also a type of Series like ´Dora´ which is about learning english for children in an easily to understand way which is sometimes very good in my opinion. 
Although television for children has good sides it also has bad sides because it´s sometimes an excuse for parents to not spend time with their children because they have other things to do. Sure it is way easier to put the child in front of the television if it wants to hear a story than searching for a book to read because it sometimes takes lots of time to find the right story the kid is okay with but that isnt´t good because reading a book together brings parents and children closer together.
Finally I can say that I am personally against the television advertising directed toword young children. Although it has positive sides like entertainment if there is nothing to do, it´s just to often used as an excuse for parents to not give attention to their children. Children should go outside and explore, they should learn and try new things instead of sitting infront of a screen and watching a few colorful cartoon figures jumping around and telling stories. Sure sometimes it helps the creativity of children and sometimes there are series which are good for children but the main part is just not so good as everybody says. I think sometimes a little tv is okay but just not too much because then the children just miss the things they could do outside with their friends




























