Television advertising may have some good and bad effects depending on your point of view. It can beneficiate the viewers and the company advertising their product or it can cause some "damage" to the viewers. 
Whenever young children are being directly "spoken" to through advertising, they immediately believe every thing that is being said, without giving it a second thought. Toys for example are always very well advertised, sometimes it can even be a little bit exaggerated. A very good example can be barbies advertisiment. On tv the kids probably see a very nice adverstisement with a good story of this one barbie having a pool party with other friends in this very cool pool, for a not so expensive price. The kids then run to their parents to tell them about the nice barbies and the pool that has just been advertised for a good price. The parents of course believe their kids and once they get to the place to buy their daughter, or maybe even their son, these toys they get disappointed because the advertisement was for the pool without the barbies and the kids misunderstood this.
Another downside is the fact that kids may feel a pression to have that exact same product they saw on tv or on a magazine. Whenever they see some of their friends getting it, they insist their parents to get it for them. Sometimes the parents can't afford it. Television advertising can also be somehow upsetting for the kids because of the fact that you see it again and again and again.
It has a very good side though, that way kids know what they want for their birthday or christmas, which makes it easier for the parents to buy something because they already have an idea. The company advertising the product makes profit and the children and parents are happy. 
If the kids learn the don't-believe-everything-you-see-on-tv lesson, it can make them more observative. They won't just pay more attention to what it's actually being said and advertised on tv, but also in other different situations. So television advertising can sometimes be educative.
To conclude, I don't know if I should agree or disagree with the statement because of both the up- and downsides, but I don't really think that parents or young children actually have something against it. I know I don't and I don't know anyone who does. 