One of the most sensitive things about young children is how easy it is to influence their personality and behaviour, which can lead to them being exploited in several occasions for numerous reasons. This is no different with television advertisement, which is one of the biggest and easiest ways to access and influence countless children across the planet for economic reasons.

First of all, let's look at a, I have to say, rather dark, example regarding the extraordinarily low difficulty of influencing the behaviour of small children due to their susceptibility to suggestion. One of the most well-known examples for this is found in dark humour which often makes jokes about children being lured by predators through candy, trading cards etc. which is not something that sprung off of fiction. These things all originate from real life cases where pedophiles and kidnappers used these things as lures to make them trust them and follow their suggestions. Even though this example may seem disproportionate this is the exact same principle, and since those are little children we are talking about, there is no such thing as disproportionate for them since they do not have the life experience to differentiate the severity of influencing through advertisement and strangers.

I will start with the pro-arguments regarding the discontinuation of advertisement directed towards young children. As I have made abundantly clear in my example above young children are extremely easy to influence and are very susceptible to suggestions due to their young age which makes advertisement directed towards them something immoral for some people. What I mean by that is that it is literally like taking candy from a baby, only in this case the candy is the money of the child's parents. They are just so easily influenced that companies do not even have to put that much effort into making successful advertisement since they can be exploited this easily and lead them into buying things that are in fact completely useless to them, for example toys which work are presented through animations in advertisements which makes the children form an unrealistic image in their minds or advertisement for candy which can then snowball into the child having too much of it. 

Now I will move on to the contra-arguments. A point that could be made in the defence of advertisements directed towards young children is that it does not strictly go against any laws and it is not necessarily damaging for the child. The parents do not have to buy the toys their children see in the advertisements and it is also their responsibility to make sure their child has a healthy diet and dental care, since in the end those companies who produce the advertisements are not forcing anyone to do anything but rather showing them what they could do. Apart from that, one could also argue that it is a grey area wether it is immoral or not to make those advertisements since this is a question which is to be answered individually and thus varies alot from individual to individual.

So to sum up, these advertisements can be considered highly immoral due to young children's susceptibility to suggestion and may snowball into bigger issues, these issues' severity depending on what the advertisement is actually for, however, morality is also something that is very individual and advertisements also only show what someone could do, they do not actually force anyone to do anything, it is still up the child's guardians to make the decision, not the child itself.