Nowadays, it is normal that also children at a young age are confronted with diferent media, for example, telvision. But is this really the right way to educate a child or just a way to keep it busy? 
Of course, for many parents television is a great help in everyday life. Often, parents have to work much, especially in an era where it is normal that both parents work. But, at the same time have to watch their child. If the child watches television, it is of course much easier to handle things, because, the child is quiet and doesn't disturb.
Nevertheless, televion can also have bad infulences: For instance, it is much harder for children to understand life in a community, if nobody talks to them or plays with them anymore. They therefore get isolated and don't understand the rules on that a community is based on. 
On the other hand, you could say that television can also help children to understand life and to get educated. Nowadays, there are many programs that teach specific things in live on a level wich is made for children. Still, it stays a machine and is not a human being, so that it isn't the same as if the mother explains them to her child. 
Referring to this, the child might feel very alone and sees television as the only sense in life or thing that counts. This can lead to a strong need of television which is very dangerous if it gets stronger thouought the years. 
Also, on television many things are shwon that are not specificly for children. Many programs for adults show torture and other strong actions that are exaggerated and don't show reality. This might lead to a wrong picture of how the world works and can therefore be very dangerous. 
Furthermore, it is proven that children who get in much contact with television or computers, are not as smart as children who spend their time playing outside or reading a book. Because of the electronic waves, the brain gets infected. So, it is proven that if you spend too much tiome being confronted by electronic media, you will get sick over time or at least won't be as competitive as you could have been without the media.
To sum up, I come to the conclusion that television in general isn't a bad thing, also not for little children. But, you should be very careful what the child watches and how long. Television can also lead to danger for the child, phsically and pscycologically. If television is the only thing the child learns to know, this can influence its live in an extremely bad way. From time to tiime, it might be helpul and also has the impact that the child learns how vto behave in a world that is leaded by eletronic media. But mainly I would say that television has more bad influences on little children than good ones, as you can see in my argumentation. My proposition is to focus more on the child itself, so that it feels loved and not just to keep it quiet so that you have less work, because with a child there comes the duty to educate it right.