Advertising has always been a crucial part of marketing. If you want to sell your product, you have to advertise it properly. A topic that is frequently discussed when talking about advertising is to what extent it should be allowed to influence the potential buyers. For example, publicities where you only show a delicious looking bottle of coke for a fracture of a second have been prohibited, because they influence the consumers only on a subconscious level. A common statement is, that advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. This essay will outline, to what extent one should agree or disagree to this statement.

Young children don't know much of the world. They haven't yet developed an ability to think critically. This explains why it is so easy to impress them. A child might see a toy that is looking great in a publicity on television, what immediatly causes the child to develope a desire for this product. The imagery featured in advertising can often be misleading or even wrong, which leads to very high expectations towards the product. These expectations are probably going to disappoint the child in the end.

On the other hand it can be argued that because these children are still very young, the influence that television advertising has on them might be much smaller than we think. Young children will only look at the imagery instead of the content of the publicity. Because of this, it really is not clear how big of an effect advertising has on them, and the parents should also control the television habits of their children. They will know what's going on and can talk and explain things to their children.

In conclusion, we can say that advertising directed towards young should not be prohibited, because there is no real reason to belive that these children will be damaged by wrong expectations and influence of the subconscious. The parents will notice it if their child is influenced in a wrong way, and then they can just take them away from the TV. Even if childs are influenced to make their parents buy something because of advertising, they will just make another experience when they are disappointed, that might teach them something for life.