Whether advertisements by television should be allowed to be shown to children between the age of two 2 five is an often discussed topic.
In this essay I shall explain why it should or why it should not be allowed.

Children between the age of two to five still lack the ability to differentiate between righteous and bad advertisements that advertise products. What I mean by that is that children at that age do not know, if what is said during the advertisement is true or false, therefore lack the ability to judge if they should believe what was said or not. On the other hand children who are still as young as two definitely shoul not be allowed to watch television all by themselves at all. It is the parents job to help their children at deciding what to believe and what to ignore. That could cause future adults to become too naive which would result in them believing whateve lie they are told.


Another aspect is that in today's society it is important to find customers at a young age in order to transform them into possibly future customers who would help the organizations keep up with the market, that might include using cheap tricks such as promising them things that they cannot keep. As stated above the children are not able to recognize those cheap tricks and might really be tricked into believing that whatever is said in advertisements must be true, which certainly is not. Another great example are toys for young children that in television look amazing and seem to work perfectly fine. Sadly, thanks to my own experience, most toy reclams in television are so heaviliy modified that children are extremely disappointed by the fact that their toy does not work as well as previously advertised.

However, not all advertisements are bad but most of them show us what kind of new products are being developed which certainly is not bad at all. Thanks to advertisements we are able to decide between various products of the same type for example cosmetics. Thanks to them, you might actually find something for your health that you have been searching for for a long time, which is actually good.

As a conclusion to whether television advertising should be directed towards young children aged five to two or not, I would prohibit that for the sole reason of children not being able to judge what is the truth and what is not, as many products on the market are just a way to scam people that are too naive and belive anything you tell them. Stopping that would certainly lower the amount of people buying products that do not keep what they promise which would filter out the bad products that circulated thoughout the market.