Television advertising, an industry involving a lot of money. It makes sense to advertise products for all ages, but is it okay to direct it toward young children? Can they distinguish between "it is only an advertisment" and "it is real" yet? This essay will give reasons for why television advertising should be allowed to be directed toward young children and why it should not.

When watching anything on tv, about one third of the time is filled with commercials. Lots of people of all ages watch tv, including young children. In the age between two and five, kids are easily influenced by what they see and hear and they can not yet distinguish good from bad and real from not real very well. If a young child is watching a tv show to learn something and all of a sudden an advertisment comes on, telling the child that it needs a new stuffed animal that can make sounds, the child will likely not know that it is just an ad and it does not really need the stuffed animal. If the advertisment has a lot of colors and music, the effect will be even stronger. This means that the next time the child mentioned is in a store with its parents, it will definitely want the new toy. And because it is in the age when, with a little bit of whining, it gets everything it wants, the parents will buy the product for the son or daughter. Taking this into consideration, the advertisement should not be allowed.

On the other hand, considering the paragraph above, it can be said that television advertising directed toward young children is the best advertisement. It is most effective because the children are still easily influenced. As soon as the children grow older, they start to think for themselves and they will realize that the advertisements are mostly exagerated and do not show exactly how the product will be. So if a company wants to sell a specific product, it will have the most sucess if the product and the advertisement is directed at young children.

Considering the two points of view, I agree with the statement that tv advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. I think that in addition to the argument above, with the mentality of producing commercials for kids, it is expected of them to watch tv. This is wrong in my opinion, because kids between two and five should be playing outside with other kids and should not sit inside watching tv.