In my opinion, the consequences of advertising toward young children don't have to be bad in general. If the advertising has a negative result on young children does rather depend on different conditions which I will now take a closer look at. 
There are probably several reasons why advertising toward young children shouldn't be allowed: Young children dont't know as many things about probable advertising products as for example teenagers. They can usually not decide if an advertisement can be taken totally seriously or if the advertisement isn't really realistic so that some things are for example in an idiomatic meaning and can't be taken literally. This could be dangeours if the advertisement tells you things like "this and that will make you fly, or give wings to you", because some young children might think that they will really be able to fly which can cause accidents. Advertisements surely have a bigger influence on young children than on adults, because they don't have an own opinion about many things in life yet, so they are easier influenced and manipulated than adults, which is actually one of the goals of advertising. 
There are certainly also positive things about advertisements, like for example that you get to know lots of different products, especially for children that don't have a big knowledge about the variety of things you can purchase yet. They will notice that there are many different things also in only one area, which will probably widen their horizon. 
In my opinion, advertising toward young children should be allowed. But it's important that their parents know what kind of advertisements their children are watching, so that they could stop their children from watching things that may have a bad influence on them. I consider it important that parents talk about advertisements with their children to explain them the differences of the things that are communicated in the advertisements and the actual reality. I think that advertisements can even be a good thing if you watch them from a critical point of view, which is something really important to learn for the whole life.  
   