Television advertising directed toward young children should be allowed.

The productmaker needs new clients.
They are making adverting for young children because they are a big group of humans. Little children often want new things and the parents buy them the new things. Because the children have so many different wishes, the parants are giong to buy them the most of the things that the children want to have. The productmaker is going to make very much money, because the children want everything that is in the advertising.
The children see new things in the television and find them nice.
They can go directly to their parents and show them the advertising. So the parents know exactly what their children want.

Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.

The children want everything what is new in the advertising and this can be very much.
Children are very easy to manipulate and the productmaker know this. They know, that children are going to want everything that is new and looks cool or sweet. The children show their parents the new things and the y buy them that. But not everyone has enough money for buying all the things from the television.
Children should be more outside the house.
They should play outside with their friends and family.
They should not looking so much television. This isn`t good for them. Children need to spend more time outside away from the television. When they are more outside, the productmaker don`t need to  make so much advertising for toys. 
Children shouldn`t watch television alone.
When they are looking television with their parents, they can teach the children to not wanting everything from the advertising. Advertisinds aren`often for the right age. They are to loud or colorful.

I find, that advertising for young children shouldn`t be allowed.
They should be more outside and play there something with theire friends. When they are outside they can`t listen to the advertising. In my opinion, advertising for them is not good, because they want everything. But not all parents have enough money for buying all the toys. That make the children sad. Young children can`t understand the most advertisings. They are to colourful, loud or not really for their age. Parents must keep an eye at their children all the time. 
 

  
