Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed.

In our modern world people only talk about the problem with smartphones and how children and young people are distracted by them.
People do forget about the old electronics, like tv's.

Most young kids, even babies are watching a lot on television. With it comes the advertisment.
Is advertising, which is already adressed to the young kids, tells them to buy. It showes happy kids with a lot of colorfull stuff to play with. This advertisment is part of the introduction into our consumeristic world. The kids start to ask their parents right after they just saw in the commercial, if they can go and buy the just seen toys. An because the parents are nice, they buy it for them. The kids are tending to want more and more.
Things to play with don't let real happieness follow, human connections bring the real happieness into our life.
Another fact about television is that, when seen over a long time, it is not good for the eys. In the beginning kids want to watch the movie, series or a documentary. They don't plan to watch the commercials. But they are made to watch them. Without the commercials children would have more time to do other activities, like going outside and playing on a playground with their friends.
Television over all is not a bad thing. Documentaries and other shows can teach kids a lot. And advertising is a normal part of our economy. 
I can say, that when i was little I always used the advertisments as breaks. To go upstairs and already brush my teeth, so after the documentary i can go directly to sleep. I did so beacuse my parents tought and raised me that way.
After all I can say that advertisment should not be allowed to children at the age from two to five. Advertisment for older kids and adults should be allowed. Maybe advertisment should not be allowed on kids channels.
In my opinion this problem is mostly about the education kids get from their parents and about government regulations which should be there to give kids more time to play outside.