Why television advertising should'nt be directed towards any young children.

They are everywhere: Advertismenst. On busses, billboard and at home on television. It's almost impossible to avoid them. They are at some point annoying and contain false information. They make promisses to sell great things, but actually they just try to make money out of everything. 
If grown ups allready do think that way about advertising, then why are there advertisments directed towards young children? Ads are unrealistic and this could affect children by making them believe toys exist, that have abilities they sure can't have. HOTWHEELS for example: they make it seem like their racing cars are able to drive by themselves but in real life you have to push them forward. This leads to disapointment.If children don't get exactly what they wnat they will be pretty sad.
 At some point ads are just hiddious: the products are shown as something magical that can make things you're dreaming of come true.
Marketing is a good way to plant in image of somthing in our heads that is not true. For us grown ups it's easy to differentiate the false advertisment from the product itself. But children, especially toddlers, have a great imagination, and for them everything is possible. It does not seem impossible for them that a toy that claims to have the ability to make itself turn invisible, is not true. they can't make out the diffrence between a lie and and ad. That's the problem: kids are going to ask their parents to by them things that are not as fun as they seem on television. Plus they are really expensive.Some parents that allready have trouble keeping the household going will have few more essues. Having just enought money to feed your children and pay the bills is hard enought, but with the children being exposed to magical toys on TV it's hard  to turn their begging down everytime they ask for new toys. The kids have broken hearts about toys.
That's how I felt whenever my mother told me we dind't have enought money for toys.
I think advertizing towards children should be banned.
