Television and other modern media is more and more popular in our culture. If it is "Tartort" for adults, dubbed american series for teenagers or animated learning shows for children. And something that goes hand in hand with the produces TV-Shows are advertisements. Most commonly used during a film and just rarely betwen two of them.

As allready mentioned there are also shows produced only for children and most of these use the same concept of advertisements during series or films. The problem is, that children in the age of two to five cant see the difference between something they like and something they really want, because they want bassicly anything they like. So they are pretty easy to manipulate and with them there parents are so too.
Especially for young parent the pressure of a crying child, that wants a specific thing it saw on TV can be to much. So they need to buy it and thats exactly what the creators of such advertisements want. 
Children in this age shouldnt also be directly confronted with the main thought of capitalism in our culture. If they grow up with advertisements as part of threre culture, there is no way of teaching them the right way consuming later in there life, or this will become at least harder.
But when asking about if this kind of advertisements should not be allowed there are some problems and arguments against it asswell.
First of all you cant really define which advertisements is for children in this age because of the diffrent nivous they are on. Some of them learn to speak faster and some of the wouldnt even understand what the advertisement is about. When advertisements for children in the age of two to five would be forbidden the companys would send the same clips and say they are for children in the age of six. There ist just no possible way to provide a "save" way of watching TV without advertisements because you cant controll which programm the chikdren are going to see.
Also it is part of the responsibility of the parents to teach there children about consuming and they cant get everything they see on TV and the choice of the channel and the time they spend of watching them is something the parents are resposible for aswell.

So in my oppinion these kind of advertisements should not be forbidden because it would change anything. You cant controll who watches them because its the responsibility of the childrenn parents. So instead of trying to provide advertisements seen by the children you should use the neccessary recources you need for such kind a "projekt" to make watching TV self saver for them. Maybe in making more channels complitly without advertisements such as "KIKA", but stopping creators of making advertisements directly for young children is wasting time.