The technology develops very much in the past. Everyone has TV in his house or flat. Young and old people spent much time on watching television instead of going outside and meeting friends. Especially young children spend much time infornt the TV. A statement is "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed" But is this true? In the following text I am going to talk about young childrens, which are watching TV very often. 
Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed because they see so much stuff in the TV and doesnt lern anythink. For example if they whatch ... they dont learn anythink while watching it. If they watch for example .. it wouldn't be so good but is has also a positive effect on spending their time infront the TV instead of going outside  or to someting without technology. 
But in my opinion Television advertising directed toward young children hould not be allowed. A reason for that is that the childrens sit alone infront the TV instead of meeting their friends. The reason for that is that there are so many "sendungen" for childrens which they wanted to see. For example .. is a "sendung" for young children. The childrens woult like to see it and instead of meeting their friends they sit infront the TV and just watch it for a long time. But often after one "sendung" for children comes the next one so the kids spend much time on watching television. 
Another reason that televion advertising directed toward young children ) should not be allowed is that the childrens sit in the house and watch TV no matter if the sun is shining or if its a rainy day. The reason for that is that the kids want to watch their "sendungen and don't want to go outside and go on the playground or do something else outside. For expample the weather is great at 12 o'clock but at 12.30 comes the favorite "Sendung" of a child. The child wouldn't go outside instead of watching his favorite "Sendung". 
All in all I would agree to the statement that Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed because there are many thinks which would be much better for the young childrens. 
