Nowerdays it is nearly impossible to escape from television advertising. forteen minutes out of a forty-five minutes fil is just adverising. It begins early in the morning and ends late in the night. Not only adultes are influenced by advertissements, but also little children under school age. It is very easy to influence children with little cute  advertising films for toys. The parents hardly can do anything against this. Their kids just want to have everything, what they see on tv and it is nor easy to explain, why it is not possible. So some people say that television advertissement directed toward young childredn sholud be ilegal.

First of all it is hard for children to understand, why they can not have the cute doll or the little toy warrior, when it is showed in a film on tv. They start to terorrise their parents because of that. And this situation is the goal of those advertisers. They just use sad you children to earn money.

The advertisers state, that they must promote their toys somewhrere, whrere the children can see those and than want to buy those. The television ist one of the easiest way, because many children watch tv daily. And for the parents ist is nearly impossible to avoid their kids watching the advertissements.

Further more children under school age mostly can not know what they really need. They are to easy to manipulate by stupid but welldone advertissements. In the advertissements every toy looks interesting and funny, eventought it is not in reallity. When the child finally gets the toy it is not that much fun, as expected.

All things considered my opinion ist, televison advertising directed toward childeren, especially very young children should be forbidden, because it influences the children in a bad way. It causes many arguments in the fammilies about buying unnecessary stuff. Childern can not understand, why its familly can not afford the toy warrior, while the child in the advertising film can have one. They just think, they have mean parents and that the parents just do not want to buy it.

