Television advertisement has always been a controverse issue and especially when it is about their own kids, people now a days are very protective. Advertisement over tv has a big effect on our society, there are many studies that can proove that. However when you have reached at a certain age you can build your own opinion on something and you can see more clearly what is right and what is wrong for you.That is something that is very different for children between two and five. They are still so young and don't understand a lot of things in life. It is in their natural instinct to automatically believe what they see and hear. They usually don't second guess what they are told. I can see how this is very helpful for the advertisment market. If you think about it, they can literally manipulate a whole generation to like something just by showing them positive things about that product on tv during their childhood years. I am sure that there are many companies who made a fortune with that stragety. However I think if I would be a parent that would make me really mad. That is almost propaganda and I would not want to have my kid being exposed to that. I am realizing just now that that must have been one of the reasons why my mother never let me watch tv when I was young. She was protecting me. I also think that it is kind of sad that some companies are specifically reaching out to young children because they know how fast they can make them like their products. I wish they would give the kids the freedom to make their own experiences and build their own opinions without trying so hard to influence their desicions. On the other hand I get it, all they are trying to do is to have a sucessful company and to make enough money to pay all their workers so they can feed their families, which then makes their children happy. When you think about it, it is a cycle. I think this is one of those issues in life that are way more complex then we think and it is very hard to find a solution that is beneficial for both sides.