Once my sister was four years old she saw an advertising of some barbie stuff. All she wanted since then was to play with barbie. She did not want to go ouside playing with her parents and after a while my parents just bought this barbie for her.

Firstly I have to say that money making is a major pro argument. Like the example at the beginning much parents act like that. These advertisings are a big part of the money making system of the concerns because the child has only to cry a little or mock around and voila, they have their barbie or superman action figure. 

Secondly, these advertisings don't actually hurt someone. If you are against them or don't want your child watch it just turn off the television. There is no need in watching these advertisings.

Lastly for the pro arguments i think that at the end the child has fun with the toy that is shown in the advertising. Even though the child don't have to buy it, it is not that big of a deal for parents who can afford a television.

On the other hand, children might be to much into the product shown in the advertising. For instance, if you don't buy the toy to your child they might cry as loud as they can or just mocking around. So it is better to remove such advertisins from the Tv.

Now the second contra argument is, there is no need in having always the newest and mot expensive toys. Not even  long time ago , children used to play outside and didn't care if they have the best toys. They made their toys by themselves.

Finally my main contra argument is that these advertisins show only the good part of their products. How many times have I wanted something so badly and when I had it, it was just a big disapointement.  This is the same with these advertising stuff. They present it like it is the worlds best toy but the truth is, it just isn't.

Lay and large, advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. It is much better to go and play outside and get used with friends rather than playing home allone with a toy that isn't even that good.