This essay is about television advertising directed toward young children that are aged between two to five and if such advertising should be allowed or not. There are many controversial arguments which makes people think about the new type of situation we are confronted with at the moment.

Nowadays technology is used and found everywhere and also getting more modern every time something new is released but does this allow industries to influence our children on buying or more precisely on wanting new stuff through a new method of adevertising? Parents believe not so! For loving parents that are not extremely wealthy and are not able to buy their children everything they wish for makes it just more difficult with this new type of advertising because they know they cannot afford a lot of things that are shown on television. They also do not want to tell their children no everytime even though they would love to say yes and buy all they desire. That is a disappointement for the children that can be prevented.

On the other hand there are people that think otherwise and claim that it is not that bad. Children are mostly playing outside and do not watch television all the time so they do not even see the advertising that is shown therefore will not get influenced in their opinion. 

Still are parents frightened. Not just because of the financial situation but the types of advertising there will exist. Children are actually really easy to read and influence, which most of the adults know. Which is a problem! We do not know or are not certain which products or what they actually advertise for. Surely it will be about toys most of the time but what if not? What if it is something dangerous they advertise for that the kids should not even think of? This is what worries a lot.

However do most people not care about this allowance at all. This generation is our future and it is not a serious issue that we have to work on right now. If they are able to have a good education and the possibility to study and afford things they would like to buy, the rest does simply not matter. No one will know about that in a few years anymore. People should focus on things are important and depending on right now not later.

Therefore we see there are many different arguments which show the different sites about advertising toward young children. In my opinion it can be allowed but not used that much so we do not influence their behaviour in any way possible. Children nowadys should still be able to experience a wonderful and carefree childhood like we did.
