In my opinion, it should not be allowed. we live in a time where eveything is advertiesed, not deciding wether it is good or bad for humanity.
At that age not a single child has the conciousness and knowledge about themselves as much as we do at our age. So if it would be allowed, we would be brainwashing them by trying to make them want things without them even realizing what it is or what it is used for. We know that advertising is a small for of brainwashing. For us (say, adults, adolecents) it is easy to relativate wether something is good or bad, if the things we see on ads are things we need or do not need. Because we know what we need and what we do not need. a young child may not even need that thing and only want it because it sees happy children their age on TV.

Ads for youg children tho would be sad in my opinion. I think that children that age should be used to playing outside, playing with friends, playing with their parents, they should be learing to talk well and not to sit infront of some kind of computer looking at something they do not need (if they did need it they would already have it at that age) and not socializing.

These days a whole bunch of things are online and digital and it is believed that every generation is used to more technology than the last one. This is good i think. But only if they learn by it. Brainwashing children by adverts however, is not considered very educational. And therefore should not be allowed.  

This raises the questions; if it were allowed? would that generation be completely different from ours?
a counterargument for this is that young children like that, do not even have the competence to really understand it, and "they just see some pretty things on TV". True, but a child between the ages of 2 and 5 really does not understand what they are watching, but we underestimate what stays in a young  subconcious without us realizing. These things are so much more delicate than we might think. On the other hand it is fascinating to see hoe fast they catch up and understand connections between different things.

in conclusion i think i would be acceptable to show them cartoons (as all shown cartoons on TV are tested and proven to be fine to show young children) but not try to talk them into talking their parents into buying them stuff at that age.  