I believe that there are different methodes how to raise children, so they have a good knowledge about how to behave. But I really do have a clear opinion about the above mentioned question. 

Of course there are a lot of young children who do not know how to order in their thougts after watching a more or less scarry movie on the television. So I agree with parents which do not let their sons and daughters near the televison while movies are played for adults.

Easy scared children should not have full control about  the remote control. It's still the parent's decision whether they want their children in front of the television, or not.
There are also a lot of channels which shouldn't be shown to young children, because their really just made for the older ones. The younger ones wouldn't understand the topic and couldn't learn something about what they have seen. The news are not really the best show you could show your children, because they would be shocked what is going on in the world, because I do assume that they would definetely not understand one single word. They would just recognize some terrible pictures.

It's also really important that they do not sit in front of the television all day. They should play more outside because that's how they envelope appropriately.

The thing is that technology envelopes every day a little more. Children which are used to tablets, computers and television will have it easier in the future.

They could also learn a lot in tlevision. I believe there are some cannels for kids where they can learn another language than their mother tongue. Or they learn how to count, how to spell and also the alphabet. This can be really usefull and they wouldn't be overwhelmed when they start school.

For me it would have been disturbing if my mother would have forbidden me to watch TV because I knew that she liked to watch a movie when I used to sleep. 

I would like to look for a solution: If I ad a daughter I would never forbid her to watch television interely. I believe they need some rules so they do not get stucked with the shows. There is need of a time limit. But they have the same right to watch series as I have.