During our childhood we all saw some kind of advertising, more often than not very flashy and brightly coloured. They came in between parts of our favourite cartoons and wanted us to buy some new toy. I'm here today to discuss wether or not television advertising directer towards young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. I personnally agree with this statement because firstly most of the time it doesn't interest them. On the second hand they don't have any money. Third they could be easily influenced in their lifechoices.

First thing is children usually don't care about advertisements because they watch TV to see other things. I concede that the doubtful choices of colour can attract the eyes of the children but after a while it doesn't hold their interest anymore. For example when I was a kid I watched cartoons on TV and I was always annoyed when suddenly some kind of advertising popped up and cut my emission in two if not more parts. On conclusion advertisements aren't useful when the target doesn't want them here.

Secondly kids can't buy anything without their parents. Thus the advertising doesn't make any sense if the decision to buy doesn't depend on the target of it. To exemplify I'll take a four-year-old who saw something on TV about how cool the new Gameboy is. The child goes up to her parents and beg them to go get one. They say no and the little girl can't do anything about it. This proves that this way of acquiering new buyers isn't effective because even if the will to buy is here the targeted audience doesn't always have the possibility to get the product.

Last but not least if a child is overwhelmed by pictures of what he/she has to buy as a boy or as a girl, it sends the wrong message to them. It conditions them to think that a woman has to do the chores and take care of the house (and loves pink by the way) and that a man has to be strong, to love building things and to play war. I know some kids that once into teenagehood discovered that they could do what they wanted. TV advertising is wrong because it perpetuates the stereotypes of our society.

In conclusion I'll say that it isn't useful be

