So many parts of the today's television is the advertising, when we watch it in the evening there is an advertising break about all 15 minutes. What about the young children? Should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed?

We could say that it is difficult to forbid it. When the parents of the child watch television and there are advertisings for the new Barbie and the child sees it and wants to have it, it is still the parents decision if they buy it or not. It is also the question, which advertisings are for young children, because they could see an advertising of a chair and would like to have it. Mostly the advertising for a product for a child is not for the child, it is for the parents. So the parents can see what toys there are for little children and in the end it is their decision to buy it. Also how could the companies which sell stuff for children get the attention of the parents without television advertising? If the advertising directed toward young children was forbidden, the companies would not be able to sell as much as they do when the advertising is allowed.

On the other side we could say that it should be forbidden, because the companies manipulate the little children who can not question the products or the things the advertising says. If the advertising was good they could sell everything to the children. As little children are, if they want someting, they want it really much. So they could get into trouble with the parents.

I disagree with the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed", because the parents of the child still have the last word, so the manipulation would not work. Also because I think that the advertising is not made for the children only, it is made for the parents. For me either the television advertising is allowed for all generations or it is completely forbidden. Of course it is necessairy to put the adult advertising in the adult channels, but I think it is clear that there should not be a banking advertising on KIKA.