The television adversiting directed toward young children is, as it says, made for children aged 2 to 4. So I won`t discuss in my essay the content of this advertising, because I never watched TV at this age, but the consumers.
In my opinion it`s no good to let children watch TV. At home, we don`t have a television and I don`t and didn`t miss it. Like this I could, when I was a child, always go out with friends and play in the garden we have. I`ve learned so many things with just going out, which I think, can`t be learned better or at all. Also I think that we are only one time in our life children. So it`s really sad if we miss this time because of a television. I always say:,, You can watch television all your life long, why do you have to begin as a child?``
A very important example in this theme for me is my exchange, which I made in France. Last six months I spent there and learned a new style of life. In the two families I was, there was a child. In the first one a 8-year old boy. In the morning he stood up very early, at six-o-clock I think. Because his parents didn`t want to get up this early, he sat in front of the TV. When he got home from school, he watched TV until we had dinner. Then he went to sleep, but before sleeping he played on his Play Station. In the other family, there was a girl at my age. During the schooltime, she didn`t watched much TV, because she had to do much homework. But as the schoolholidays began, she sat in front of the TV from 9-o-clock in the morning until the mother came home at 5-o-clock in the evening. That`s what she did the whole holiday long. I know, the two examples aren`t really connected to the age of 2 or 4, but in my opinion it`s the ending of children, which began watching TV in this age.
I really think it`s sad if children or teenager have to spend all their time in front of a television. I also hope that in the further time, we will change something on that. It`s a problem, which in my opinion the adults have to solve, because te children are to young to get rid of this adicction.