Should television advertising which is for young childern be allowed?

Why should be this not allowed. Advertising isn't something bad. Everywhere you can she advertisings. When you are on the street or in public transport there are everywhere some placats with advertise also for young childern. As you can see there is nobody thinking about forbid this so why shouldn't it be allowed in the television. With televison advertising for young childern you can make them happier. Because they see something in the advertise what they would like to have which they wouln't have seen without television advertising. But we talk here about young children between two and five and most of them even don't understand what the saw in an advertising so it doesn't even matter. So on the one hand you can say the don't realise what they saw and on the other hand you have to look from another side. You also have to look for those who produce those product and make those television advertising. Because where else should they place their product so that they can reach their possible customers. So our opinion is that telvision advertising should be allowed.

Imagine you're a young kid and you're watching your favorite TV programm and then there's a break because of a television advertising. Is there something more awful than that. First those childrens probably even won't understand what they see so why should you do some advertising when nobody understands or watch it. Second those advertisings are sometimes really confusing. So there are chances that those young childrens coud be influenced by those advertises. Young childrens could miss understand the meaning of the advertising and get influenced by them. And also the young childrens don't often watch TV so when they watch TV they should be able to watch what they want to and not some stupid televison advertises. 

In my view television advertising for young children souldn't be allowed because first i think they're to young to even understand those advertisings. Second i also think they can get influenced or want something because of this which they actually aren't mean to have beacuse the producer placed their product wrong. So i have to say we should look that the childrens aren't watching all the time and if they wa