In the days of television and social media advertising is an improtant subject which has to be discussed and even more the advertising directed toward young children, because often even such kids have a free access to such plattforms filled with advertisnig.
The main argument for abandonig this advertising would probably be that young children are more likely to believe what they see and hear from partents, teachers and even television. Due to theire young age they can easily be persuaded by an advertisning for a product. It often is mentioned in these television advertisings that the advertised product - often a toy - is everything that you need. These words or phrases like that can have a big impact on such young humans and they often even begin to believe them. The consumation of the product develops to a need. On the other hand side you may say that even young children have the possibilty to have a free will and to at last decide wether they like a product or not. 
The fact that the action of buying the product of interest in the end is made by adults is very improtant as well. Without parents, other family members or other related not minor persons paying for an object the kids can't even consumate it or without people allowing them to watch television they will not get in contact with television advertising. Kids are depending on these older persons.
An argument which is not directly talking about free will of children but is improtant for the pro-side of not allowing these adverts anymore is that the children very early get in contact with a society that mostly consumates and that is filled with advertising. Children should have the possibility to increase theire creativity in this world. They should have the possibility to change the place that they are living in and this can not happen that easy if they are affected by all these advertisings and can't develope theire own wishes and dreams.
But are then not even adults products of an advertised world and not as creativ as they could be?

For my part I am not to sure what I think about the statement. The line between a free will and persuation is very thin. I would like to have a world without such a lot of advertising affecting me, adults and young children.
