The question, if television advertising is good or should be allowed for young children, is an old question. In a lot of countries are reglements that control how much advertising is allowed and how good you have to erkennen, that this is an advertising. But the companies have tricks how they can "confuse" children, without having problems with the law, an example ist the brandmark in the upper left corner, where in the most cases is alos the logo of the channel. The companies do this, because when children are this young, you can manipulate and control them easy. This is a big problem, because children cannot see the differents between an advertising and the normal program on the channel, so they want the merchandise or the products when the see something they like. And even if they have no money, their parents have it and they will buy it if their child is crying for it. Because of this facts, I think on channels for young children or between the series for young children, advertisings shouldn't be allowed, and i would go further: there ar series made by brands, for example in Germany the series from Leo the adventurer from the icecream brand Langnese, where children want to play with the merchandise from Leo and you can get this merchandise only with the icecream, so the parents are forced to buy the icecream. This kind of advertising shouldn't be allowedt to. 
But when you look from thee other side at this problem, the side of the companies, you can see, that their are, "forced" to do this, because a lot of money they get is from this children, and if they cannot sell anymore their products they cannot earn  anymore the money they need to make new products. And even if this is a capitalistic way to look at this, it is bad for the children too, because they cannot play anymore with the toys they want, even if they wouldn't want them if there wouldn't be advertising.
So I think, that those advertisings shouldn't be allowed exspecialy not for young children, because they are getting manipulated extremly and when they're older, they didn't learnd how to see the differents between advertising and normal program.  