Television advertising firected toward young children

Do you remember when you was a little child and you where outside and you played with your friends? And now the kids have their I-Pads, their I-Phone and mybe thier own Televiosion. But is that good for the kids ? Would it be better to let them outside or let them playing with barbies and legos?

When kids in young age go outside into the woods or somewhere where it has not a good floor, it trains the musculature of the leg and the balance of thechild. So they learn something for the rest of their life. Maybe they want to climb a mountain if there where older, and whit their balance they trained, when they where young their are better then the others who sat before the television, when their where young. 

The little kids have to do their adventures, and when they went outide and play in the woods maye they find their adventure.But if they only sit inside and do not really something they never see " the world ". 

An other point is: If the young kids go outside and play with other kids they leran how to speak with other kids. So they learn socoaligy. That is something you need the whole life. For exempel in your job, if you have a problem you can tell your chef other someone else maybe your friends.

The " to go to bed time " is not the favorite time of the children. Because the want be like their old brother, he does not go to sleep now. But mum does not give the kids more time. Maybe the kid where outside and it is now really tired, but it can be that the kid watched the whole evening television and now it has a lot of energy. The mum will need much of time till the kid goes to bed. 

In television is a documentair story about horses and the child loves horses, so why don not let him watch, maybe they will learn something. 

Finally I think the kids should go outside and play with other kids. So they can built balance and socility.But maybe it rains and good film is in thetelevision. Maybethey can learn something for the rest of their live. Thekids should go outside but theyshould also have time to chill. 

