Televison advertising:

While watching televison you will always see advertisments for games made for children or advertisments for teddybears. But do we even need this kind of advertising? Mostly we wont't need them because theyare directed towards young children and they should not yet be allowed to watch television. But why do they still show those advertisments on television when there are so many adults sitting in front ot the televison? Maybe they want to attract the parents to buy the things the want to sell or they hope that there are children watching television and they want the things they see because the adverts are made especially for them. 
I think it is a bad idea to show these adverts on television because children at that age should be doing better things instead of watching television. And if they are watching television, there are special channels for children where they can show films and series for children but not adverts. Children should be raised to know how to spend money properly and not just buying everything they see and want, but this is the point where the adverts create problems. The children are watching the adverts and want it, most of the parents will buy them the things they have seen on television, because they don't want to make their children sad.
On the other hand it isn't to bad to show the adverts on the channels for kids, because it is the easiest way to show them. Most of them can't read, so they just make funny and cute videos to attract children. In our world it might be one of the last chances to sell things that aren't connected with mobiles or computers. Children stay more and more in front of screensand don't play with real toys and figures any more and the the mobiles are much easier handle for parents because they only have to buy one and than they can download everythingthey want and at the end it will be much cheaper for them. Because of the mobile games the toy producers had to find a way to sell more.
In fact, I think it would be better to show them other things insted of adverts because like that they don't make them want something and maybe they can safe more money for the parents. But in the more and more digital world i won't get easier to avoid adverts madefor children because it they stop them on television, they will just show them on the Internet or as hidden adverts in games created for children.
