Advertising is a very controversial topic. Alot of people want to ban advertisements, while other rely on them. In this essay, the question about banning television ads directed toward young children will be responded. 

Television adverts are all known to us. While watching a movie on TV, advert breaks are always present and take up a lot of time. This has led to falling viewing numbers and popular streaming services like Netflix or Amazon Prime. While most adults are more or less immune to ads, many children react to them. We all have seen this amazing toy on TV and wanted to have it. But most of the time, our parents did not agree with this purchase, so we were not happy about that. So the question about banning adverts directed to young children comes up. 
First of all you would think that such a ban would have no negative points. Children would get less influence from ads, because in such ages kids are very ease to influence. Alot of toy companies use this "feature" and direct very aggressive advertising strategies. During christmas time, many kid channels are full of ads about this new toy and that new game. The same thing is featured in many following ads so kids get the desire of having it and putting in on their Santa wishlist. A ban would fix this and let kids decide more on their own about their christmas presents. The wallets of not so rich parents would be stressed less, because often these adverted toys have higher price tags than comparable products. And it would be less effective to get political agendas into the brains of the kids, like it had been made with superheroes like Superman and Captain America during the Second World War.
But how could you enforce such an advertisement ban about a specific age group? How can you decide wich advert is directed toward four year olds and wich to six ones? Toys have often no real age limits. So while specific adverts get banned, toy companies would host ads wich do not cover these age groups. But these kids would react to these ads and the problem of the whole advertisement would not be solved. Another problem is a financal topic. These ads bring in a lot of money to toy companies. Because of the raise of electronical devices, they already have sinking sellling numbers. If ads take away another source of money, little, not so well known companies, could be in serious danger of having to cease business. These would lead to rising unemployment numbers. 

In the end, banning these ads would be good. Children would have less influence from big coperations and could deciede more freely wich toy lands under the christmas tree. But sadly, such an ban would be almost non enforceable. Kids do not only react to age specific ads, but on these of other age categories too. A ban would influence the financial security of companies negativley because adverts bring in a lot of money. In the end,  a ban would almost bring nothing and is most likley to land on a Buzzfeed List of some non effective laws. 