Advertising is always communicating with us in many different ways. Either when we are walking down the street or when we are sitting in front of the television at home there are always advertisments, which are trying to get in touch with us. Advertising is a personal thing as it can be seen on Facebook, where it is tried to do some commercials, which perfectly fit in our interests. This leads to the question are there any moral stops for advertising? Advertising companies are entering more and more our daily life and also started to do advertising for young children.

Young children can't have an own understanding of life. They try to act like their parents and also try to find their first own interests. If advertising interrupts these processes it obviously stops the children from growing up. The companies try to influence the children to buy their products and to be a customer who only buys their products. Nestea for example is a big company that produces lots of baby food. A few years ago scientists had shown that there are food extras in these products which makes the babies like their other products in the future. Also the parents won't like that the big companies are already influencing their young children. The kids want to have products like lollies or drinks when they do the grocery shop with their parents but not because they need them. They only want to buy them because the social stereotypes are telling them to do. They see other children walking around with their lollies and they see the advertisment so they want to have them too. A good example to support my thesis is the well known "Kinder suprise egg". As I already the children have no chance to create their own interests for example which game they would like to play. The communication of the advertisment tells them what they want to have and what they like. This is also proved by many scientists.

In conclusion it can be clearly said that the advertising tries to influence the young children to make them dependent to their products. This is not good at all because we all are being influenced by something we don't want to, which is sort of doing harm to someone. The young children can't do anything against this process and in my opinion this is where also the profit-organized businesses should stop.