The question if television advertising for young children should not be allowed, is a question that concerns many people. There are parents who do not want their children to see it because if the children see those advertisements, they could be influenced in a way they don't even understand yet. They don't realize that in advertisements, everything is showed that it looks more beautiful as it is, and that mostly the product isn't as good as in the advertisement. 
But another question is, why shouldn't it be allowed, because young children shouldn't be watching television all the time, because it's not good for them. A child should be outside playing with other children to get more social, so the advertisment in the television shouldn't bother them at all, because they don't see it so often. But sadly, it isn't normal, that a child isn't allowed to watch television when it wants so it's a reasonable doubt if they could change their behaviour or something else because of the advertisment. I think the main problem is, that the children grow up as careless consumers when they see it, a consumer that doesn't care if he really needs the product or not and in the world there are enough of this specific kind of people. For example, a child sees a machine that can make bubbles, and is so fascinated of it, that it wants the machine no matter what. Of course the child is too young to think about the money that it costs and the water that it consumes but I think if a child is used to get things without thinking about the reasons to get it, or the use it has, it will have the behaviour as well in the future. 
Another aspect is, that the parents could be even more stressed, because their child wants all the things he sees in the advertisement. We can all imagine a young boy crying on the floor because he didn't get his water pistole he saw in the television. And if this happens a few times in a week, because the boy sees another thing he wants in an advertisment, it could be really stressfull for the parents. But there is also a good thing that advertisments for young children can do. They can show products that are healthy, for example a snack made out of fruits. If a child sees this he might change his preferences in eating, and instead of eating a chocolate bar, he'll eat a bar made out of fruits. In a time where there are a lot of people with too much weight, this is a good way to change the eating behaviour in the young ages.
In conclusion, there are a lot of negative aspects in advertisement for young children, but there are positive aspects too. For me, I don't think they are really usefull, because all they do is create a society that consumes too much, and in addition they can create problems between the parents and the children. But the most important thing is, that a child isn't at home all the time watching television, because the social contact is really important in this age.