If you're a parent, you might have cought yourself watching a kids TV show with your kids. Maybe you also comapred your childhood to your children's childhood. And you probably came to the conclusion that you didn't have any TV shows at all, or if you did, then they were more fun out of your point of view.  However, many people often think that today's TV shows which are created for children are not as good anymore and don't have much meaning in the stories like they used to have.

Coming from a childhood with way less technology around than today and having all these memories where you played outside all summer with your friends, it can feel pretty unastisfying seeing children today hanging on their parent's phones. TV shows make children feel attached to specific characters in the show, what makes them want to watch it everytime it comes on. But is there any space left for their own fantasies if it's always already kind of premade? Because if parents or family members don't interact enough with the child, it won't ever get the chance to have a chance to speak their fantasies out loud. Reading a story to a child would be much better than n just leaving it sitting in front of the TV. Because when stories are read to the child, there is way more contact between the child and family member. Also, the child can get used to seeing letters and how they're pronounced. An early contact with written words will help children to learn how to read much faster.
On the other hand, there's shows that are considered to be not funny or without meaining for any age group, so why not for young children as well? Parents can always check on their children for what show they're watching and even make a list of TV shows that the child is allowed to watch and so forth. 
Something that comes with watching TV shows on the TV is ads. And as we all know, many brands chose to have some kind of animal that is their "brand-animal". It has been proved that when brands chose an animal to be on their packages or ads, people will feel more comfortable with the brand because it seems like you can be friends with the animal. Which so leads to the end product that you are more likely to keep this particular brand in mind. Now think about what happens, when you show these kind of ads between TV shows that are for kids. They are even more likely to be influenced, without them noticing obviously!

In conlusion, TV show don't have to be a bad thing if it isn't consumed too much. Parents can make sure that the children are only watching shows that they have seen themselves or which they of that they're not bad.