Everytime we are watching TV there is some advertising. We all know the situation when the film we are watching is interruped on its best scene just for about ten minutes of advertisement. But we are adult people so we are used to it but it really shocks me when I see my little child watching Tv an then there comes a advertisement for Caprisonne and the little girl there tells her dad that she wants to go to school as supergirl. So her dad agrees and gives her a Caprisonne. And then the next time I go to the market my daugther asks me to buy her Caprisonne so that she can go to school as supergirl. So is the advertisement towards young cildren a good idea?
No it is a bad idea in this world advertisement is everywhere. So the earlier they get used to it the better because then they can lern that it isnt all that correct what they tell in advertisements. And anyway you can not avoid children to see them because they are a part of television nowadays. You would have to create a law that forbids advertisement in the Tv shows of children but that would not be a guarant that they do not see any of those. Because when they are watching a film with their parents they may as well see some advertisement. So we should rather decide a law that is forbidding children to watch tv what i think is as complicatet to do as the otherone besides i don`t think that the people  would ever confirm to such a law.
They are also learning to not believe all the things that are said in television and to think more critic about our world. That could also help us to grow a more critic generation who is able to create a better civilisation.
Yes it should be banned because these advertisements are telling the young people how to live and so they are not open to find their own way anymore. Because they always see some hetero peoples and so they think that they have to be just like them and so they do not even see the gayway of live. it could also developp eating disorders because the young gils want that bad to be like th ones in the advertisement that they start to maybe throw up after havin eaten or to stopp eating anymore. So these advertisements are killing our young generation and we as the generation of parents schould do anything we can to keep them save so I say it would be alll correct to bann the advertisement directed towards children.
My own opinion is parted because I think that there are good arguments on both sides but personally I think that it would be helpfunl to bann