If young children should be the target of advertisments is a very crucial and debatable topic. People that are against it tend to say that already at an very young age children get influenced by big advertisment companies. The children can often be easily manipulated and the resulsts are that the parents need to spend money on products that the children mostly don't need and the joy won't even last for long, cause these children same as the adults will fall for newer and better products when they come out and they won't be able to have enough and wil never stop craving for bigger, better and newer products. children shouldn't be influenced and manipulated at this very young age, they should be playing outside, socialize and being educated and not a consumer victim at the age of 5. By not knowing what exactly it means to buy, spend money and own a product those children that are targeted will get a bad understanding of earning, owning and buying. On the other hand we live in a consumer world where our needs get mostly fullfilled by products which is debatable if it's good but thats how we work. So shouldn't those children be confronted with the true World at an young age the learn how to live with it. They could develop skills and a feeling at an very young age what advertisments really are and getting a better understandning of products and advertisments. In a faster grwoing world it seems logical that children should be confronted with the ups and downs and start to learn about them and how to  live with them. Nevertheless children should be allowed to be children to play learn and have fun and not being influenced by big companies at the age of four. What those companies do is brainwashing by using nice colors, sounds and children to play in the commercials. At this young age the Children don't have an understanding of what they're watching and that what they're watching should make them buy stuff. Because of this and many other reasons I highly discourage the advertisment of young children aged two to five.