Television advertisings can be really brainwashing to be honest. If people see a product over and over again they start to think that this specific product is actually good. But do young children even care or does the brainwash affect the children even more?


Children do watch television and most of them do like watching Tv for sure but do they really think about those stuff. If young children watch cartoons about cowboys shooting each other the child won't go out with a gun and shoot people. A child at age four already knows that that's not a normal thing to do and at the age of four he will already have experiences about what he can do or can't do.
But on the other handsite a Tv advertisment is a different story. If a child is that young he looks up to people to his parents of course but maybe also to superman I mean who doesn't want to be like superman and so how should a young child be able to differentiate between his father who says vegetables are good for you and the guy in the Tv who says these toys are good for you. 

Not only young children get brainwashed by television advertising so do adults. It happens all the time peopel buy those silly things like a new little handy machine which helps you burning fat. People believe it because all humans are lazy and that's a proofen fact which explains that the thirty-four  year old guy who sits infront of the television all day is to lazy to go to the gym so he just buys the machine thinking that he'll get ride off those insultings about him beeing fat. If the thirty-four year old guy doesn't see that the products are just useless how is a four year old kid supposed to see.
Instead of not allowing televison advertisings which are directed towards such young children I would rather allow it but teach the kids how to detect the useless things which the companies want you to buy. 

So my opinion is to let the companies do their television advertisments toward chidren but the parents or even better the teachers should show the kids how to use television advertisment the right way, even if they're like aged two to five and they obviously can't afford those things by their own they should get to know what they can use or really can't use because it is just useless and a waste of money. Not everything in television advertisments is crap but most of it and the children should start already at a young age detecting the "wrong" things.