In my opinion the question we are asking ourselfs is: what influence do these advertisments have in our lives or the lives of our children. If there was no efect whatsoever, we wouldn't be concerned about our children but what effect does it realy have? It increases our desire to buy things we don't need or only buy to fullfil our desires, mabey it creates desires we weren't aware of or didn't even existe bevore we saw the manipulating add. The possible consequense is: we cant controle our desires and just go on to buy loads of stuff we don't need but for me, this isn't very likly to happen to children due to theyr lac of financal independance. Especialy from age two to five you are not old enough to buy whatever you want and whenever you want without your parents consent. As long as you have a parent who is able  to tell you that you can't have what ever you saw in this television add. But by this I dont mean that it schouldn't be allowed. What I am trying to say is that I don't see any reason in makeing adds for kids becose most of those adds ard for things that cost money and kids don't get to deside what to do with that money.It's theyr parents desicion if they wantto spendmoney on the things promoted in the adds made for theyr children. But that leads me to the question: why would we even show adds for things that cost money to people who don't have any. They will just now what they could buy if theyhad money witch they avent. So I guess in my opinion youshouldn'tmake advertising, for example on the television, directed directly to children becose it will onlytresult inthem whining aboutthings they'll never have and woul'nt even know of if it wasn't for the add. I think whenever parents wand to treat theyr children they can go toa toystore abd the kids can chose from whatever toys there are in the shop they visite. In my opinion you shouldn't make those adds becose kids, evenmore than adults or teens don't have mouch feeling for what tey need and what thes just want.