Many people watch regularly television, also young children. Many parents let their children in front of the televsion in order to do something else. The question that I will discuss in this little essay is, if television advertising should not be allowed for young children (aged two to five).

Young children learn a lot of things through televsion. There are many series for little kids, in which the producers are trying to show them the world. They learn how to count, how to spell words etc. 
They use television to make up their minds. 

Many parents use television to have a little pause from their children. They do not have any patience left and so they let them watch tv, to make them quiet. But is it really good to let the young children watch tv just to let them be quiet? 
I do not think that it is good that young children are sitting in front of the television. We are living in a world, where the media things are getting bigger and more important for everyone and I do not think that this is a good thing. We are complaining about the social media and things like that, but we are letting our children sitting in front of the tv and letting them watch tv. They are our future and so we should try to make out of them the best they could be.
Watching television makes also really agressive, this is something that has been showed. You may also lose the connection to reality, because you might like "live in the television". And do not forget, that a lot of kids just started watching television because their parents wanted them to be quiet.
 
It might be, that there are good series for little kids, that show them some important things, but in general I do not think that it is good for them. They should go out and play in the green with other kids, they should enjoy every second of their childhood, playing, crying, smiling, fighting and not sitting in the house in front of the television. 

As there are advantages of letting young children watch tv, I do not think that it should be allowed to let them watch tv. They should go out and explore the world, they should enjoy their childhood. 
Living is the best option for learning, if you are living your life fully, you are always learning something.
 
