Many companies pay a large amount of money in order for their advertisements to be aired on Television. They are not only directed to teenagers and adults but more often to children. Survays proof that advertisements do in fact work and can manipulate us into purchasing the product shown. We as adults can comprehend the affect advertisements have on us and resist. Children on the other hand, especially toddlers aged two to five, are very naiv. Are advertisements for children as young as two morally wrong or just another maerketing demographic?

Businesses sell products. In order to sell them they need advertisements and in order to sell alot and make lots of profit they have to have a wide range of demographics to cater to. This is how our economy works. Children love toys and their parents often fullfill many of their wishes.So there shouldn't be a big deal that businesses take this opportunity and profit from it. Childern wan't everything they see -  it doesn't have to be from an advertisement particularly. It could be a toy another child in kindergarten has or even adult things like clocks oder laptpos. It is the parents who have money and because of that they are responsible for what they buy for their child. It is their parenting that makes the child thankfull or greedy.

But advertisments to manipulate is which could be seen as morally wrong. Even though we might not believe that we could be that easily manipulated, it is mostly the case. We might not want to buy the product but we do remember the brand. As an example: you might see an advertisement about X Brands hair dye. You might think at that particular moment that you don't need hair dye. But later in time, maybe weeks or months later, you'll be in the supermarket looking for some hair dye. And while you can't decide which one to get you suddenly remember this advertisement you saw a long time ago. And unconciousley you take X hairdye and buy it. So if it can manipulate even us adults, who can reflect on information, advertisment must have a big affect on gullable little children.
In todays world society has already gotten very materialistic. We want a lot and we buy a lot. Often times unnecassary things. Isn't it our duty then to protect our children from this materialistic world as long as possible. A child could be happy with just a stick as a toy. But as soon as he sees all these advertisement promoting plastic guns, dolls, tablets etc. they get brainwashed into thinking that they have nothing and need more toys. Because of that they get unsatisfied and angry which could lead to even more tantrums then toddlers already do and to spoiled children. There is no reason a child between the ages of two and five should be want more than basic supplies it needs to live. At that age they can't even comprehend their surroundings so why fill them with all these false desires and corrupt their vurnerable mind.

My opinion is very clear. Todays society is really materialistic and I think it's disgusting how corporations are now catering to young children. Instead of spending quality time with them more parents leave them alone with toys, most of the time technology like tablets and phones. There is no need for children of that age range to be confronted with advertisements.