Essay: Advertising directed toward young children

Many people think that advertising directed toward young children influences their minds in a very negative way. Some even say it's illegal manipulation, because the mind of a small child is very fragile. Everything a young child sees influences his way of thinking, his memorys and his habits. For example if a child sees a spot where other children in his age violently destroy a doll, the child autamatically wants to take part in the shown activity. Advertising becomes reality, you could say. 

First thing to say is that it wouldn't be fair for all the advertisement corporrations and industries. It's not possible to forbid it because everyone has the right to produce and show commercials, no matter to whom. Plus at the end you are the one who decides what kind of programms your children are allowed to watch. On the other side there would be a big advantage in forbiding advertising direceted toward young children, because many speculations and fears of (for ex. his son's mind getting mnipulated and sort of controlled) would finally take an end. Bygetting rid of these commercials there would also be more time for actual series instead of advertisings, which's durration is still growing! But the people who proeduce these kinds of advertising would'nt have work anymore. Also toy industries and other playstores would lose a big chance to make commercial about their products. 

I think if people don't want their children to watch advertisement then there are other options. A suitable solution would be to specifically watch episodes of the child's favorite TV series on the computer. There might be some commercials aswell but at least you can install an addblocker or something like that. An other advantage of this methode is that you can control and therefor reduce a child's watching time. So in my opinion you cannot forbid some kind of commercials and leave the others untouched. There should either be a huge change in advertising or nothing. 