Advertising on television is a huge deal. It is really useful for enterprises using this offer, because they get the possibility to reach hundreds of people to convince them to buy exactly their chocolate, their tooth-brush or their chair.

At the age of a child your ability of learning things is the biggest, so advertising to children is very useful. For example the "KINDER SURPRISE", an egg that is made of chocolate with a little toy inside. Actually the perfect combination. First eat the chocolate, then build your toy of the parts that are delivered and have fun. MC Donald's uses this kind of advertisement in the exact same way. In it's happy meal you find some fries, other food and a drink, and probably most importantly, the toy. Food is not the only way to advertise children, but in my opinion it is he most likely way. The most important thing is that children see some funny thing, a big amount of colors and characters, no matter if they are real or invented, having fun.

Advertising to children is bad. Children get to see some products that they instantly want to buy. You might wonder, why children watch adevetisements. They are probably not allowed to switch the channel, because their parents told them not to. So the little boys and girls are sitting in front of their televisions, watching the advertisesment and storing all the information in their heads. When they go shopping the next time they kick up a fuss if they do not get, what they want.

The problem is that without advertisements television channels could no longer exist, where would they get their money from? In my opinion advertising directely to children is a very mean thing, but there is no possibility to stop it. It would make no sense do advertise shaving utils, coffee or cars on a childrens TV-Channel. If an enterprise did that, they could equally just heat their headquarters burning money. So to sum up I think advertising to children is part of the business, it's a bad part, but unfortunately an irreplaceable part.
