A lilltle child is sitting on the couch and is wachting tv. On the tv comes a tv ad, which shows us a fat lady who drinks a cup of a protein shake. After one week she is slim like an model. So the child asks her mom to buy her the same because she want to be like this lady. So the ad has a big influence on the cild. Is it positive or negativ for thechildren and for the society?

The arguments for this statement is, that the children would  be influence by the ad actors and the theme of the ad. For exemple there is a ad with for a video game. When a child watch it, he would be subborn and would ask his parents to buy him that. Ofcoure it's a profit for the company but for the parents is acutally a loss, because they will spent their money and the child will only play the video game and would't concentrate on anything. Which can lead to medical problems like problems with eyes and pyscology problems.

The thing is that in the tv ad they praise the product, which is their job, and the quality would be shown as high. But when we buy it, the product would be awful and low market. The children would be very excitied to buy the thing but finally when the bought it they would be disappointed.For exemple the McDonald's ad. The burger looks so neat and pleasant but when we go to the raustrant it wolud look deadful and messy. And the childer will be adicted to these ad. They belive all what the admakers say. 

The contra argument is, that the children will have a picture of life. It means they would improve their general knowledg. So when children see a cleaning ad, they would learn something about cleanig and would use it in their social life.

The other point is when we stop the children by watching ads,they would build a curiosity to know what it actucally is. This would lead to many problems. For exemple the children would get curios for everything they see which is some time very difficult to controll. So when we let them to watch it,this problem owuld not be here.

So i would say that we schould allow childern for watching tv ads but there is a limit. i wouldn't permit the children to watch awfull ads. But i think by watching ads, the childern would learn somehow little things. But i will definitly say that allowing children to watch ads is a very good medicine to build their general knownledg. And they would get some freedom by that and would feel controlled.  