First of all you need to specify what adverts directed to children are and when its directed toward children. Making adverts for products that are likely to be liked by children, are directed toward children but when they are watching TV, any advert is for the eyes of children cause they are watching it anyway. To not allow those adverts, you need to exactly specify what those are but since it's not possible to effectively do this, forbidding them becomes hard too. 

An Aspect of this problem is, that young children that can be easily affected by adverts shouldn't in fact get in contact with them cause parents have the responsibility to decide what their kids should watch and what they shouldn't watch. And even when they get attracted by something they've seen in an advert, the decision to get it is mostly still at the parents. In this case, advertisings directed toward young children are moreover directed to the parents, who cannot be influenced that easily. If you take in consideration, that children in the age of two to five hardly get attracted by pornoraphic adverts, it's not bad for them if they are attracted by things they wan't to play with. Another aspect that can be problematic when forbidding adverts directed toward children is, that those who produce stuff to play for the childs, they have a disadvantage in competition and can't make publicity for their products.
On the other hand, children at this age actually can be influenced easier by things they see and they learn quicker from them. So, if an advert says, that the product they have is "the best to play with in the world", it's more likely that the young children believe this, so they are using it for their advantage. 

In the end, because adverts that are directed toward young children rarely have something really bad in them, they shouldn't get a disadvantage because they can't make adverts for their products. The responsibility for the children in this age is at the parents and they have to decide what is good for their kids and what isn't.