Televisions are something very common in our modern society. Nearly in every house is one or are more than one televisions. Everybody loves to watch TV because you do not have to think for yourself. A lot of businesses use it to make adverts. The question is: Should this be forbidden for young children? 
There are two positions to take. One is to allow this because as a mother you can put your children in front of the TV and they are happy. You can do something on your own. Maybe they even learn something. Especially series only for children can be useful. 
On the other hand there are more arguments that it should not be allowed. To much TV on each day can damage a brain very bad. The children do not have to think on their owns. The get a wrong image of the world. Even their fantasy can be blocked because they do not think and they never have to invent something during playing in the garden. Many relationships can not be developed because they do not interact with other children. At worst case not even with their parents. The can not get some faith or believe in their family. How should it work that they can become a good person. They will have many problems in school. Even during adulthood. 
Another negative point of advertisement is that they give a wrong image of the world. With advertisement you manipulate the people. They want to be like the pretty people in the clips, they want to buy the products and even they want to be like this people. Especially for children it can cause diseases. For example anorexia and others like this. They are not very selfconfident. 
My opinion about this topic is very clear. I think young children should not watch TV. The better are movie on DVD or Blue-Ray. Because there is nothing else than the movie. I think a good solution are plays or playing with other children in the neighbourhood. Probably a Babysitter can help to do something on your own for half a day. Relationships are very important. Without a family or frineds you can trust in you are nothing in your life.  