In the society of today, children are getting confronted with new technology without much choice of there parents or even themselves. Technology is all around us, it helps us in our everyday life, it entertains us after a hard day of work and as such it is no wonder that most households are in possesion of a TV nowadays. This contributes to the media consumption of young children as they will be watching TV when their parents are doing so. Many companies have realised this fact and because of that, they saw television as a possible means of advertising. Most television channels are getting financed by advertising, so they are grateful to companies who will pay them to advertise their products. Television advertising is based on the time of the day to appeal to the audience who is sitting infront of the TV and as such, advertising targeted at children will mostly be seen in the late afternoon and early evening. Children look at the world in a different way than us adolecents and adults and that's why it's only natural that they have another understanding of advertisements than us. For a kid, possesions are a very big deal, so they are an easier target. If a kid sees a toy in a television ad, it won't think of the price or if there really is any use in buying it. A kid will just be excited and start to ask his parents to buy it for them. The parents, thinking a lot more rationally, will probably try to explain to their kid why they can't buy a new toy, they may not have enough money or they may not want to spoil the child. For a kid, those reasons mean nothing to them and as such, it won't be able to understand it. Instead, the kid will get angry at his parents and conflicts between them could come up.
That is why I think television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. Young children do not yet know what it means to have concerns about money or being spoilt, they can't control their greed yet, which means they'll fall prey to the fun advertisements of companies, promising them joy in buying their product, and small children won't understand their parents and instead get angry at them all over an ad on TV.