Todays generation already grows up with electronical dewices. Young children watching TV gets more and more normal and if you haven't seen a TV show with the age of four you're not "normal." But should those TV shows especially made for children (aged two to five) really be such a big part of those young people?
Thodays television program does not just adress older generations. With it's TV shows direct advertised toward children such as "Dory the explorer" children are thorn towards the television and want to watch like adult do their own TV show. Isn't it wrong to make young children watch TV? On the other side especially Dory the explorer is a program in which the yung children learn something and actually have a role in the TV show. They are asked to "explore" the world with Dory which wants them to say things out loud and gives them exercises to do. So you could argument that it is not just bad for children to watch TV. 
Also children in their young years have a lot to learn and the Dory the explorer teaches them. They often tend to just beliefe what people teach them as the adults or in this example the Dory tell them. But can they really just beliefe what Dory teaches? Shouldn't the parents, teacher and other people of an older generation be teaching them how to live and not a TV program? Also parents often place teir children in front of the TV so they have got more time for themself. The television calms teir children and the adults don't have to take time to go to a park or do other activities with them. It could be sid that today children do not learn about importen aspects of life because they just sit in front of the TV but instead my little sister (4 years old) knows a lot more about how for ecample a tree grows. When i was 4 years old i did not know things like that but i used to play on those trees. IN my opinion young children got enough time to learn when they go to school and should not be forced to approve such knowledge at such a yung age. Also they got enough time to watch TV later on in life and should enjoy their yung years in nature instead of infront of the TV. They should actually explore the world and not just watch Dory the explorer exploring the wordl.