I believe, that there is nothing, absolutely nothing good about advertising directed toward young children. Which means, I totally agree with the previous statement. The televisions, the newspapers, the socialmedia, everything manipulates us, to doing or being somethig, we don't really want to do, or be. Day for day all these sources make us think that we need something,  that we need more, that we need everything that's being advertised, just because everyone wants or has it. But maybe if there wasn't any advertisement about that thing, and if not everyone wanted it, then we wouldn't want that thing at all.Then we wouldn't even look at that specific thing whilst walking by a window of a shop. I believe children, have got a whole life ahead of them, full of being manipulated by the social media, the televisions and all the advertisment in it, so I ask myself, why can't the world just let them be children, for as long as possible. Children, who can enjoy their childhood, not needing every toy, that's being advertised in the television, not needing as many things as we adults need and want all the time. Why can't the world let children be happy by simply spending their time in nature, playing traditional games such as hide and seek. Why would the world want a three year old to play Super Mario on a gameboy, rather than to be outside, on a playground, in the real world, with real people. Why would the world want a child to feel that constant pressure of needing to be trendy, needing to be cool, by owning specific things. We're all carying such a heavy weight around with us, caused by all the things we own. We're not free anymore. We can't just go and travel around the world, or move from one place to another, we are trapped in all the things we own, all the things we can't just leave behind and that is a constant responsability. Let's let the children enjoy their life without that responsability for as long as possible. 

Let us give them that freedom. They deserve it. 