Well at first i have to say, that in the age of two to five i did rarely, or not watch TV at all. There were already many situations in my life, when some friends of mine told me about that one old series or that one old film that you should have seen and whenever i tell them, that i haven't seen it they are shocked. They say things like ''how can you not know it, didn't you have a childhood?''. 
Yes I had a childhood and yes it was a good one, even without television. I truely believe that their is no advantage in allowing your child to watch TV all day. I even believe that it can cause harm to the child and his intellectual devellopement. By watching things like Sponge Bob your child does not get any benefit, i even think that it can get a little dumber by watching it. Well probably not dumber but I'm shure it gets another sight to the world, it maybye believes in the pineapple house and that squirrels can live under water. But dont get me wrong, I like watching TV and I am not completly against allowing to your child to watch TV but please be careful what series or film is on. There are beneficial series that share information and knowledge to ''the little ones'' but please be careful with this cartoon type of things. And when you don't want to be that strict you can be careful with the time your child is spending on watching TV. I remember that I watched this one series that was on every sunday morning. We always watched it with the hole family because it litterly is interesting, even for adults. It is called ''Die Sendung mit der Maus''. The principe of this series is, that children can write letters with questions they have, like ''what is a lollipop made from'' and then send it to them. So every question will be answered the next sunday by following the way of a lollipop from the verry beginning. So to find an end, there is a beneficial way of watching TV for your children but you need to set limits and rules or even forbidden movies and series and you need to keep an eye over your children. A true childhood for me is still to play outside in the sun with the children from the neibourhood and having a good time, without TV.