Television advertising is a big part of our wold today. Everyone has been tricked into buying something by an advertisement, especially when they were young. It is a typical situation; you see something on television that you really want, and you ask your parents for it. If they say no, it`s a huge disappointment. So the question is: how young is TOO young to see advertising on television? 

Well, there are many reasons why television advertising directed towards children aged two to five should not be allowed. It is a kind of brainwash, convincing someone that small that they want something, creating an artificial desire designed by professionals, directed towards children who have no idea what it really is. It seems cruel, to play with a two-year old`s brain in the way advertising does. A child needs time to play, to learn what his or her likes and dislikes are and most importantly, to learn the difference between "want" and "need". Showing a small child an attractive ad for a product makes them want it, more than anything in that moment. While it may be good marketing of the product, it is not fair to take advantage of a small child`s innocence in that way.

As always, there are also reasons why it should be allowed. Just because someone is young, doesn`t mean they shouldn`t see what life is really like. There are advertisments everywhere, not just on television. What's the difference between seeing them on posters on the street and watching them on TV? Also, it is the parents` responsability to care for their child and make sure they don`t see things that aren`t good for them. The people who make the advertisements are just marketing their product, and what is really wrong with that? If a parent doesn`t want their child seeing the publicity, they should monitor them. 

There are good reasons for both opinions, but I personally think that the statement: "Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed" is completely correct, for many reasons. First of all, children aged two to five should not be influenced in that way, when they don`t realise the advertisements are meant to persuade them and talk them into annoying their parents until they buy something. It isn`t human to take advantage of someone that small. I also think that with each generation, we are becoming more and more addicted to media and smartphones. So yes, parents should be monitoring their child`s usage of electronic anyways, but that doesn`t mean that it is fine to allow advertising directed toward an audience that young. A two to five year old still needs to learn that you can`t always get what you want. Life is hard enough as a parent, without their child screaming that they want a toy or a goldfish every five seconds because they saw it on television. 