Television advertisments that are directed towards children (2-5) are mostly about fast food or toys. They always run to their parents after they saw such an ad because they want that toy that they give you if you buy a happy meal in McDonalds. Television advertising directed toward children should be more controlled by the government, but not completely removed.
Advertisments can be different things and can change the feelings of children in different ways. One has to  difference between these different kinds of ads because when the right ads are directed toward children, why ban them?
The advertisments of FastFood chains, like McDonald's or Burger King, should be most likely banned because they mostly appeal kids. But is this appeal a good one? An interest a parent wants his child to have? Most parents only take their kids to places like that to make them happy. Every kid wants that super cute Pokémon in the HappyMeal which makes fun noises. These companies are so smart that they "connect" with the children over the ads to make them love their toys so much that they want to come back again and eat there. This is a bad lifestyle which can make a child unhealthy in many ways like obesity, diabetes and many more. These kinds of advertisments should be banned.
The situation with the toy industry is somewhere in between. They try to connect with the kids over television as well, but it doesn't harm them to have that cute puppy stuffed animal which can move its head. The only harm there is in the parent's wallet. But also if there is too much advertisement every time a new toy comes out a child can get obsessed and always wants a new one because the other one is so from yesterday. These advertisments should be contrlled but not completely banned. 
The advertisments that include information about health on the other side should be pushed to be shown and make the kids realize what a helathy lifestyle actually is. Most kids of that age don't care about health, abviously they're too young. But the companies could at least use conter arguements not to go to McDonald's without telling the children directly. Small inputs to a "healthy lifestyle" should be given from a very young age. And in our time periode how would it be easier than educating the children over the television. Obviously every kid has their favourite serie on Disney Channel or elsewhere. Just put a little ad in between the episodes and they might not be really interested in it but the more it's showed the more it can influence a child's life. It shouldn't be life chaning things but step by step. 
The television advertising for young children should be overlooked for a perfect balance. It is hard to know where the cut should be made of which advertisment can be aired and which can't, but if the government or a single Television Channel starts the movement towards the "good" side there will be ideas of what is "good" or "bad" and soon there will be the right amount of "good" ads to overshadow the "bad" ones. 