Television is a media that's used by many peopele in their daily life. People of every age watch television and enjoy the entertaining factor of the telly. Because so many people use the media, this is where advertising comes in. Television is an easy way to reach many people at a time with just one short advirtisement clip. For companies it's obviously a good way to promote their goods. But is it also a good way for consumers to learn about those goods? Is it healthy to be cofronted with new and apparantly nice goods everyday, especially for young children?
Children of the age between two and twelve can be easily manipulated. If they see something on television, is it a new toy or something to eat, they want  it immediately. It looked nice on TV, they want to have it. It's not in the mental capability of young children to differenciate whether they do or do not need the "cool new thing", they just saw in the advertisement. This is why toy manufacturers like Lego or Playmobil strategically place their ads on special channels for kids or during a streaming time of kid-friendly content. Because of that strategical move they can reach a lot of children and confront them directly with the new good they would like to sell. A lot of children immediately feel a lack if they can't get the good they saw on television. This happens over and over and with every new good they like and don't get, this lack gets bigger, eventually making them unhappy, maybe even sad. 
Therefore it would be a very good idea to ban advertisments directed to young children. With a ban like this a lot of problems would have to be faced. Who decides which ad is directed, especially to young children, how can companies who manufacture goods for young children sell their goods without advertising for them, and so on...
For me personally it seems like no company would ever give up their opportunity to advertise their produced good. The same counts for companies who manufacture goods for children. It would not be fair to ban their ads, just because the audience they are directed to can't differntiate whether they do or do not need the good. It would lead to a major disadvantage for the company and that's not fair. Me personally i think it lays in the hands of the parents to communicate with their kids and tell them what they can and can not have. There is no need for an advertising ban on children goods.