The topic if televiosion advertising directed toward young children is e very controversial topic. It gives several positif asspects but also various negativ aspects.

The first argument for the televsioin advertising is that the children can learn how to use the television in de right way. Also a big plus is that they can make experiences about the advertising in general so they also ahve to see that the parents won't buy them everything out of the advertisement. For the children it is now easier to know waht they want for the negst christmas or their birthady because they see what kind of things it gives like a new doll or something like that.

It gives also a lot of contra arguments to the advertising toward the young children.Firstly it isn't good at all that children in the age of two to five are in front of a televiosion. This because it is biologically proofed that learning process of the children will get slower and out of that the most of them have problems with their intelligence and the school later in their life. With the advertising will get the children more addicted to television because they want to know what new items it give. In fact of that they won't be that much outside and they will pass their childhood in a room in front of a TV. Advertising at all isn't good for the family life because some of the parents coulnd't buy every new playitem to their child and mostly the child can't understand it and will get very angry. Also a negativ point is it that the children won't play with their old tings like an old lego set, no they want the newest one and when they get it they will play for one or two weeks with it and afterwards it gives a new one and they want to have that one. So in the end the families lost unneceserally a lot of money,  had a lot of fights and have a lot of playitems that nobody is using.

So I'm definitly against the television advertising directed towards young children. firstly my opinion is that they shouldn't watch TV at all in that age because they can do such beautiful other things than just hang in their rooms watching TV. It is also very dangerous for the children when they see all the new things and they can't get it so when they are for example in the kindergarden and they don't have the newest thing maybe they will get mobbe and that in such a young age and because of all that negativ aspects and that is givesnot really many reasons for it I'm against television advertising directed toward young children. So I agree with te statement in the exercise