Everyone who has watched TV atleast once should know about commercial breaks between the episodes of scheduled programm. These advertisements range from food to toys to shampoo for one's hair. But some people started asking: Should we show those adds to little children?

In my opinion, we absolutly shouldn't. One of the core reasons why we shouldn't is because young children are not protected from manipiulation. They don't know wrong from right, they don't know good from bad, young children pretty much believe everything that one tells them. Many commercials work in a way that exploits this weakness of small children: They show a happy family enjoying a sugary snack or a child who couldn't be happier with his new toy that his parents bought him. None of these commercials show any downsides of the advertised products or unhealthy side effects that they might bring( and quiet frankly, why should they, they're trying to make money). As said before, young children will believe what they are told without questioning the information. If a commercial tells them that the new toy will make them smile and bring untold hours of fun, they will not question this information for even one second. In short, commercials influence children who do not know any better and might lead them to some bad choices with their toys or food.

Another reason why commercials should not be shown to young children is because parents do not have any control over them. While they can look up the shows and movies on tv, be it with help of the internet or the papers, and when what is playing, commercials aren't shown in the program. Imagine a mother letting her child watch a kid-friendly show, like "Sesame Street" or "Dora the explorer" and just letting it sit there while she cooks lunch or cleans the house. And then, suddenly, during the commercial break the kid is shown an advertisement for the newest ego-shooter or another brutal videogame. Loud noises, gunfire, blood and death, those things will scare a young child and maybe give it nightmares for weeks. And all that because the parent thought that they could do their kid some good by letting it watch "Sesame Street". And is the parent really to blame? Adults, even those with children, have a life of their own, have chores to do and sometimes need a small break from their attentionhungry little miracle. They can not constantly watch over a small child and can't control what's shown on TV. So in my opinion, it's a smarter move to show commercials then when smaller children probably aren't watching and leave them out from the kids programm.

In conclusion, i think showing adds to little children is a very bad idea. It could influence their young minds or traumatize them for a while, both things that no parent wants.   