Television advertising is growing. Nearly every day a new serie come up. And sometimes they are directed towards young children (aged two to five). This leads us to the question of the essay. Should television advertising towards young children be allowed?
To answer the question I will use a new question: Are the children aible to realize that the television advertising is directed to them? I think in the age of two to three the children would not get this. They are too young to realize that this kind of advertising is directed to them. I mean I do not remember that I watched TV when I was three years old. But I remember that in the age of four i watched Teletabies. So I think we can say that the children till the age of three do not realize that TV advertising is directed to them. So for this age you do not have to ban television advertising.
But for the age from four to five it is diffrent. There I think you have to ban it because in this age they make big developpments and TV is not helpfull. And if the television advertising is directed towards them, they will want to watch TV again and again. For example: There is this TV serie Sandmännchen. I watched it sometimes but I remeber that some of my friends watched it nearly every time. They have to watch it to be aible to go to bed. And this fact does not help in your developpment right? So in the age from to five a ban makes sense.
Finally I want to remark that watching TV in this age (from two to five) can cause brain damages. Because the sound and the picture are not at the same time. And for the kids, who have to learn the language it is very important that the sound and the moving of the lips is at the same time. Otherwise they can not learn the language as good. So I think in generally that it should not be allowed to direct TV advertising towards young children.
In conclusion, I think that children at the age from two to three are not aible to realize that the advertising is directed towards them. But the children in the age from 4 to 5 get this and it eeffects
