An essay on televison advertising directed toward young children and weather it shoudn't be allowed

We live in a world full of technology and television is surely a part of it. It may not be as important, as it once was, nowadays Iphones and Youtoube are of equal importance in the question of influencing people. But still there is nearly in every houshold a television and people watch television up to 2 houres a day. The programm and the series are adapted to the timetable of humans of different ages. When you'd like to watch telly in the morning for example about 9 am or in the early afternoon you have to deal with the fact that there are only TV shows for childrens, because usually a grown adult has to work. On the other hand you'll have some difficulties to find a serie for children on 11 pm in the eavening. And like the TV programms change, so do the advertisments. It woud'nt make any sense to make a five year old watch a commercial about alcohol, she would'nt be attracted. Same case with an adult, tired after eight houres of working, isn't interested in the new Barbie doll. 

Advertisments are made for a target audience. But why should already childrens by the age of two watch TV and therefor be a target audience? In my oppinion parents who let childrens watch television by the age of two aren't very responsible. At such a young age they certainly are very easy to influence by the advertisments and the TV series for children, who aren't  educatif or pedagogial at all, just are not worth it. I personally never watched TV as a child, because we never had one, I alwasy watched films, and I don't feel like I missed something. Besides the advertisments who always make long brakes between the actual film or serie you're watching, of course. 

I don't think that banning advertisments is the right way to protect young childrens. Sure, if there isn't any temptation, it is easier to resist, but they also have to learn to deal with it. To see something and not have the urgent need to get it, and also being able to know that is real and what is not. But the question is, are childrens by the age of two to five already able to do that? Probably not, so: If parents let their childs watch telly at such a early age, they have to be ready to explain them a lot and resist the crying of a two years old in the supermarket, who absolutely wants that toy she saw in the commercial. To be done on own risk. 