Television adverts are a highly discussed topic, often because people don't want to watch them. However they have a big effect on us and we are greatly influenced by them even if we don't want to admit it. Often these adverts are about lifestyle products or other things we use in everyday life. But should these adverts also be used to influence small children aged two to five? 
First of all you should ask yourself if your child which is that young should be watching TV anyway. But why should we show them adverts this will only influence them and they won't have a freemind as a child. Because if you show a child an advert of unhealthy food everyday it will remember it at some stage and will be influenced by the advert. So when it sees this product in real life it will probably want it because it has seen it a lot. 
Also it is not a big use to show cildren these adverts because only a minority will remember them or unterstand them especially if they are two years old how should they know what they are watching. 
Another point is that children at this age learn a lot so they should learn basic things like talking and walking however if they watch TV adverts they won't learn anything.

On the other side it can be useful to show children adverts because they can then recognize them and want them and this is a good thing for companys which are advertising their products. For example if the children see a small bike being advertised it will slowly but surely be interested if not want the bike. This then could lead the parents to buy it because they want to make their kids happy.
Also if the adverts are useful they can help the child so if you show them a math advert they will want to know what it is and will alter maybe be interested in this topic which is a good thing.

In my oppinion however these adverts are completely useless both for the companies and the children/ parents. Because the children are way to small to recognize these things that well and if they do the companies are just using them to make even more money. So I just think it is moraly not correct to show them these adverts.