When I think about my little 4-year-old brother watching TV and wanting me to come and look on the advertise on TV, because he wants to have this new Playmobil-Car, I do have my concerns about television advertising towards young children.
But lets start over:
Television advertising makes people wanting to buy things and maybe also some stuff, they do not really need or know what to use them for. So in general advertise influences us a lot. 
The influence is not really based on the age, but what is based on it, is the reaction on this wish. 
Adults can handle their wishes much better than children can. Kids live absolutely in the moment and they do not care whether they need a new Playmobil-Car or not. They just want to have it. And so the try to convince the parents to buy them this car.
Now it is the responsability of the parents to show them why they can or cannot have a new Playmobil-Car. Children need an adult to make the rational decision and cannot do it by themselves. Adults can, but sometimes it uses to be very hard to face the truth, that one really does not need to buy this. 

When I think again about my brother wanting somthing he has seen on television, it can be very annoying when he is first begging, then shouting and sometimes crying, just to get me to buy him this thing. 
So in such a situation I would say that television advertising direted toward young children should not be allowed. But if we think rational, we recognize that when we do forbit television advertising towards young children, we need to forbit the advertising towards adults too. Because children somehow have the advantage that their parents, that are more neutral that the kids are, can decide before buying. But when adults are influenced by advertises they do not need to ask someone and so maybe they buy things faster than a kid can convince his parents. 

In conclusion I would say that television advertising directed towards yound childre do not have to be forbidden, because it is anyway not that healthy to watch too much TV and parents should be able to handle their childrens wishes and decide rationally. I also think that if it really were a problem, one had to forbit advertise in front of stores too, because if advertisting is a problem at all, then it should be elliminated everywhere.