While most people are quite anoyed of them, but still have to accept them, there are still parts of it, which have to be discused. We are talking about commercials and in this case, if it should be forbidden to advertise directly to young children in the age from two to five. An essay by me and myself. (Idk if I'm allowed to wright my name, so...)

First of all, I think it is clear that commercials try to manipulate us, to make us believe that we need something, which we sometimes, do not really need at al. And it should be also clear that children, especially as young as two to five, are realy easy to manipulate. And I think it is right to say that companys should not make use of the naivity of young children. The problem resulting out of this is, that children want things so bad, which can get verry annoying for parents. Just imaging your children, all the time screaming for the new mega, super, duper, action, power figurine. But it can also lead to other problems. It can change the view about certain products. I mean, just look back at the old Malboro commercials, the Malboro man was one of the coolest guys a lot of adults can remember nowadays and people start to conect beeing a cool person to smoking, even if you probably know how bad it is for you and your body. So you see, that the wrong commercials in front of the wrong persons can cause many problems.

But on the other hand, there are a lot of problems at the question, how to make sure, the youngest of us do not recieve theese commercials. I mean, we can not stop streaming commercials in television nor can we stop hanging them at walls etc. Because that would mean to have no commercials at all. An this is definetly not in the sence of companies. And even if most commercials are stupid and not really necesairy, there are still some, which could be verry helpfull. And yeah, for children that is probalby a play-doh clown which can grow his own hair, but the next birthday will come, and it is good to know what you want (it is also usefull for parents which would not have any idea what to give their childs). And last but not least, I think it would make things worse if you didn't see comercials until you are five and suddenly all these influences. No one would be prepared and companies would benefit of your naitivity, even stronger than before.

With that said, I think it is not necesairy to change anything about our commercial system as it runs right now.My myself, I used to watch a lot of commercials and I think it didn't really hurt me at all. Sure, as a kid, I would liked to have all these toys, but as you get older, you start to see trough all these promeses and great looking products and start to see what you realy need. And when you get to this point, it can be verry helpfull to see this laptop for just 150£ which could replace the one you just totally destroyed the day before because you decided to accidentaly throw your softdrink all over it. But well, that is just my own view about it, thank you for reading. 