Ads for the young

Young children spend a lot of time consuming digitial media, one of which is the television. There is no doubt that children will at one point or another come to watch some sort of advertisement in their infancy. The goal of advertising something is usually to get the viewer interested in whatever you are advertising, and possibly have them buy your service, product or whatever it is. So should people be alllowed to advertise their products to young children? 

I think that you should be able to. There is no good reason as to why your target audience has to exceed 5 years of age. Of course I am talking in a general sense. There are obviously some special case products which I would not want to see advertised on TV, whether it be directed towards a 5 or 15 year old. Things like adult movies, toys etc.. are obviously meant by this. Anyway, there are reasons o plenty for why ads directed towards youngsters are a good thing. First off, they will distract the kid from whatever he was watching, and force him to take a break. This is a good thing, because othrewise the kid might be inclined to watch TV all day, his eyes glued to the screen. Health is really a important subject and to prevent its deteriation advertisements serve a useful purpose. So advertisements serve a practical purpose and keep your kid from becoming an addict.
When it comes to the actual content of the advertisement, it really does not matter. Im sure there are going to be ads advertising baby toys and stuff like that. There is really no problem with that because all it can do is inform the child of something. It does not force the child to buy whatever the advertiser is selling. That decision will hopefully rest with the parents as they would be the ones who will have to go out and pay for the toy. So if the contents of the advertisement are for older kids or adults, then it really doesnt matter because the kid will not understand it, e.g. medical advertisement, and if the ad is directed towards the kid, there is really no harm. In fact, it is essential that well made advertisements are directed towards young children, because we all know how annoying those dirty little brats can be if they want something. Them little devils will be tugging at your shirt and bawling all day if you dont get it for them. This is exactly what those greedy advertisers are banking on. They want to drive you crazy and make a profit. As I have no kids I really couldnt care less. 
In the end, advertising is just another way to make some revenue. And revenue means money, which we all want... Right???
