Television advertising in general is a controversial topic. I mean most of us don't like them at all. But we adults see what is behind those advertisings, that the promises often aren't true, that they just say things to make you buy them. But what is about children? They are more and more the aim of television advertising. Should that not be allowed?

Childern don't see what a true promise is and what is just an empty statement, which was developed from a marketing team with the aim of making you buy that product. Childern believe those things. They somehow are easy victims for the companies. They shouldn't be confronted with such markteing strategies in that age.

So is it better to make those advertising illegal? Shouldn't companies have the freedom to do what they want. I mean we live in a time of capitalism. All people want to earn as much money as they can. As a company you just want to make a good financial profit. 

But doesn't a company have a certain responbility? They should be a good role model and stand for moral. There are already laws which make sure that some kind of advertising isn't leagl. For example advertising for cigarettes at public events aren't allowed anymore, while they very quite normal in the 60ties. 

Clearly a company stands for something and they influence people. But some desisions should be made from parents. The children have to learn that they can't get everything they see in TV. And the parents are responsible to learn that to their children. I mean even if a child wants a product which was advertised in TV, the parents are in the end the ones who buy it. It's their desision.

I disagree with the statement that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. In the todays world we are confronted with a big amout of adverts daily. So it is important that children also learn that these promises aren't true, that it's just a strategie of the companies. So they become more critical which is on my opinion very important in todays world. It's a fact that economic groups want to make profit. So they should be free to make advertising. As mentioned it's in the power of the parents what they allow their children and what not. Out of this reasons I thinks it's okay that television advertising directeed to children is allowed.