The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed."  highlights the issues surrounding the impressionability of young children, which is often abused by corporations. The author of the statement is of the opinion that such advertising should not be banned. However, in today's modern society, is a claim such as this to be taken seriously and is this something worth considering, or is this an isssue of no importance. 

On the one hand children's television is an important source of income for many television companies and it is understandable that the adverts shown are directed towards the audience watching. Many children enjoy watching the adverts as they can learn about new toys and games on the market. Another point supporting advertising directed towards children during this segment of children's television, is that other adverts might be of an inappropriate nature and make young children feel uncomfortable.

On the other hand, companies are well aware of how impressionable young children are and often advertisements for toys are not completely accurate, leading children to believe that they are getting something far more desirable than the item their parents buy for them, meaning that parent's are essentially wasting money. The second and perhaps strongest argument is that there are many adverts for snacks and drinks directed at young children, these adverts are dangerous because they can lead to young children being unaware of the health risks that these foods pose and not learning about healthy eating at a young enugh age. They leave young children with the belief that such and such gummy snack is a cool thing to eat as the adverts glamourize their consumption consideably. These bad habits can accompany a child through their lifetime, leading them to think first of the tastiness of what they are eating and not what effect it is having on their bodies and health.

In conclusion although adverts directed towards children between the ages of 2 and 5 are perhaps necessary if the product for example a fisher price toy is targeted at this audience and needs to capture their attention in order to make sales the fact that the impresionability of young children is being abused for financial gain is undeniable and children are taught to think in incorrect ways when it comes to what foods they eat. After all how many adverts for fruit roll ups and sugary juice boxes can we all remember being streamed into our conciousness as young children and infdluencing what we twanted to eat?
I personally believe that the author is correct in the statemnet that he makes and that there should be no television adverts directed towards children of such a young age. I believe that when children are this young parent's can be relied on to make choices as to what products to buy to further the happiness of their young children.