Advertising can be seen in all places in our everyday life. In the Internet, in newspapers, magazines and of course, in television as well. Especially television advertising is a very controversial topic, not only in terms of young children. Some people suggest that it would be a good idea if television advertising directed toward young children wasn't allowed so that the danger which the children are exposed to could be minimzed. However, the question arises whether advertising in fact is dangerous for young children. In this essay, some arguments of both sides are given on this topic.

On one side, it can't be denied that advertising has a huge influence on us and our everyday life. Sometimes, we clearly see how advertisments try to manipulate us but in other cases, we don't even recognize their impact on our decisions and our actions. In consequence, advertisments bring some dangers with them. Older people are probably aware of this and that is why it is not a general problem. Yet, there is no way that young children are able to completely understand these problems. Young children are unconciously influenced in many different ways. To illustrate, if young children start to see advertisments of new toys in the TV, they usually want all the things they've seen and become somehow addicted to buying new stuff. 

On the other hand, to pick up the last mentioned aspect, young children can't buy these toys by themselves, they need their parents. This suggests that it lies in the hands of the parents to control their children. Furthermore, there are probably quite a few children in such a young age that are not even allowed to watch TV but rather have to watch DVDs so that the parents know the exact content of what their children are watching and therefore, the problem with television advertising could be diminished.

To conclude, there are arguements for both sides of this controversial topic. In a way, one could argue that parents are responsible for their children and therefore, it is a unneeded restriction of our mostly free economy. Yet, there are many dangers that people, not only young children, are exposed to with the massive amount of advertisments in our everyday life and so it could make sense to protect younger people with the prohibition of television advertising which is directed toward them, similar as it is with the prohibition of advertisments for smoking which is also banned.

In my opinion though, we should try to stick to the idea of a free economy and I believe it should be possible for parents to control their kids so that the influence of these advertisments can be minimized. And if these ads won't have any effect anymore, probably


  