Should television advertising directed toward young children be allowed?
Children see something and they are immediately in love. They don't give up bothering their mom and dad until they get what they want or they sit there crying in the corner. For parents advertisment on Television, on the radio or at the mall directed towards their kiddos is nerve-racking. Surely they prefer not to be in the situation to be the mean parent in the first place, where banning of advertisement for two to five year olds would be great help.
Additionally the advertisements often promise more than the product's worth. These ads are so colorful and bright, surely draw your attention to them and drown out all the sadness in a childs mind for a moment. Be it sugar loaded cereal, a miraculous peeing stuffed dog or the show that's on next monday. Then the product is overpriced and breaks after using it three times, unhealthy or bad for the development of a childs mind. The child and the parent are fooled to the max.
On the other hand these ads help forming a childs fantasy and its first wishes. If the parents don't want their kids to experience the advertisement there are easy ways to keep them from them or teach them otherwhise. Who doesn't think it's easier to find a christmas or birthday present for their child when they already see so many propositions on TV, or to get the child occupied for the next hour or two with a TV show, while you can finally relax a bit.
Another point is that there is no reasonable explanation to why there should be advertisement directed toward adults and teenagers but not children. What makes older people so much more worth advertising towards? There is a good chance of making profit in the toy business and other related places.
I personally think that the kids advertisements aren't bad, because I remember enjoying exoeriencing them as a child. My parents were able to control me and to not go crazy because of them. They sure are annoying, but it's easy to switch the channel, look away or just ignore it. 