Television advertising directed to young children, should it be allowed or not?
It is always said, that watching television is not good in general and even more critical for children of young age. But it has also some positive aspects. For example watching television is a very good thing when the parents need some time for each other, so that they have later more time to do things with the child. It is also good, because on the television the world of the child is not so little like when it is just at home. The child gets to see more aspects of life. That has an important influence on the developpement of the cultural knowledge of the child and the skills of interaction between people. But it can also developpe excatly the opposite. If the parents aren't present to control the activity, the child can for example change the chanal of the television and watch somesing very brutal of very scary like an action film or a thriller. That can have a bad influence on the developpement of the personality of the child and also for their skills of interaction with people. It is possible that the child learns something that does just existe in films and not in the real world. 
The influence of the television could also have an aspect in the physical developpement of the child. It can be said, that just sitting around is not the healthiest thing that one could do. And watching television includes excactly that: sitting around, never breath fresh air, fixing the eyes on a screen. That will have some influences in the physical developpement.
In my opinion watching television is not the problem, even not for young children. The problem is, that if the parents aren't there, the child can change the chanal or watch too long. It is a good thing as long as it it is controlled by the parents and not for too long, but I thinks the most important thing of a little child is the interaction with real people and advertising outside on fresh air.
Today the problem is not the television anymore. More and more the phone gets to a bigger problem, than the television ever was, because now even outside it is possible to watch some film on YouTube for example and that is something I think should not be allowed by the parents in such a young age. 
So to my question on the first line: Yes, it should be allowed, but in a healthy portion. It should not be too much. The child has to developpe himself in the real world and not in fictive univers of the television.