Everyone knows advertisements, and I can't recall a situation where I realy enjoyed advertisements, especially while watching TV. As I am no longer a little child, I know quite well to draw a line between what the ad states and what the product in reality will look like. The younger a viewer is, the more approachable he becomes for advertisement, and with the increase in toddlers adn kids watching TV, they are a well targeted group. So should advertises for kids be prohibited or not?
First of all how does one detect ads specifically targeting kids? It's a lot harder then one initially thinks. As for an example, is featuring kids in advertisements automatically targeting young children, even if they are advertising a product for adultes? Or is a pampers ad targeted at kids eventhough they're clearly not the ones who decide what type of pampers they're going to wear?
Secondly, theres a real danger in kids watching TV and not only for the ads thrown at them, no child aged between 2-5 should spend most of it's time alone watching TV at home. Children that age should be oudoors, running around, playing catch (I don't mean "Fangis", but catching balls), evolve there social behaviour and link up with other young children. The fact that so many kids are doomed to stay at home watching TV make them so much more approachable for all sorts of advertising.
Third of all, are ads realy dangerous for kids this age or are they not equaly dangerous for everyone who has not made experiences with advertisements. The modern society is realy used to ads all over the place. One can not go to work without wlking or driving past billboards with ads on them. So one gets to realize that not believing what most ads try to sell you and not buying it is the easiest way not the waste money through ads. So is it not better, if people at a younger age start to learn this fact early rather than waiting till they are older and then have to learn these fundamentals when they start to believe that they know everything? 
After all i think that ads are a problem especially the ones targeting young children. But I find it far more worrying that there are so many kids just watching TV at home on their own. The fact that they're not playing outdoors and not making friends with other children is the way bigger problem then ads directed at kids. The blame for this situation goes not to the advertising companies, but to the parents who fail to raise their children in  a way to protect them from ads and giving them a ra