A lot parents use the sentence: "Television has a bad influence on young children." Watching a lot of TV is bad for our concentration and stops the experiencing of life by yourself. Plus children can't know the difference between reality and imagination. So everything they see is automatically real for them. This essay will show that this common expressions isn't as wrong as some people may think. 

Everytime we sit down and watch TV our brain gets in the energy-saver-mode and during time this has a bad influence on our concentration. Watching television is relaxing because you don't have to do anything. So our brain takes time also for relaxing: Our concentration sinks. If we want to do something again which takes a lot of energy and which isn't very easy our brain has to come on its full potential back. This takes time. So if you have a habbit that you watch a lot of TV your brain is most of the time in a slow-potential-mode. As a child the brain doesn't develop as much as it should.

Specially very young people want to experience life and are conscious about learning new things. With television you can't learn a lot. Even if it's a documentary the brain can't remember so much as when you experience it by yourself because you only hear something maybe once and there's no emotional connection to it. Experiences connected to feeling can last so much longer in the brain and this is reason for why it's important to go out in this world and see new staff in reality because you get a emotional connection to it.
 
Children to eight years old can't seperate phantasie and reality as good as an adult. This is the reason for young people think that there's for example an monster under their bed. So if they see some scenes in the TV they do not know that these are only played and aren't real, maybe can't even be real. As you can imagine television without knowing the difference between real and unreal has a bad influence on children. 

To conclure watching TV isn't bad as itself. It gets bad if you do it too much and too long. It's important for children to learn by themself by experience and to get their full potential of concentration and this needs to be without TV. Children believe everything they see on television because they can't seperate phantasy and reality so as a parent you have to be carefully about what your child is allowed to watch.
