Television advertising directed toward young children

These days there is a lot of advertising found on television, not only for adults or teens, but also for our yougest generation. 
Do these adverts have an influence on children aged two to five?

Many parents leave their children infront of TV, stuck there for hours and it still keeps them entertained. But what they don`t realize, is that the next time they walk into a shop, the kids have special wishes, like a new barbie or a plastic truck. At first they might hesitate, but then they go witht he flow and see that there are many other mothers buying those toys for their kids that age. The TV adverts which are directed toward young children, do have an influence that way, they show them what there is out there that they could wish for their next birthday or christmas. So basically it is informing them and demonstrating what great toys could make them happy next.It also gives their parents ideas what`s in, and also gives them ideas for presents which could make their children happier than ever, according to the adverts. It somehow keeps them updated about the toys market. And it also keeps the toys market going, because there are that many parents who make the wishes of their kids come true. 

On the other hand, it can influcence them to being greedy, because Susan or Jeremy on TV have those toys and they seem happy, so those children watching TV could also have that longing of having fun with the newest toys. That could get onto their parents nerves and then they`d feel pressured in return, and if they give in, they buy them those toys. It somehow doesnt offer to enable the children to feel happy with their toys and settle, because there are always new things coming up and they get that information from those adverts. If there wouldn`t be any sources of information directed toward young children, they wouldn`t get any information concerning the newest toy items on the market, so they could find themselves being happy without having to always get new things. Despite that fact, what happens to all the old toys they saw on last years adverts ? They probably end up in the bin. They probably hardly get used to the toys they get because they are confronted with something "better" on Tv. 

In my opinion, it`s a benefit for parents because they can easily get informed about the newest toys. But unfortunately the cons outweigh the pros . The whole society longing of always wanting the newest things that apparently are supposed to be more trendy than the last hype, is really sad, because you forget to be happy with what you have because you`re constantly informed about new things. So for me it shouldn`t be allowed, it shouldn`t start at that age. 