Television advertising is always a controversial subject. Especially when it concernes children between the ages two to five. While some believe that it has many beneficial aspects to it, it is also clear that it is an unfair way to persuade children because they don't have the ability to question the said yet. This is why television advertising directed toward young children should be forbidden.

Young children have not learned to think critically and question the things that they hear. This means that kids believe everything that you tell them. If they see a television advertising that tells them that they need a certain toy to belong to the cool kids they want that in the first place to not become an outsider because they believe what the advertising says. So children become victims of the ad and this is why it is very dangerous to direct television advertising on children.

Supporters of the television advertising directed toward the young children argue that the television advertising can help the parents figure out what their child is interested in. Depending on how the child respons to the different advertisings the parents are able to figuere out what their child wants for their birthday for example without having to ask them. While this is a helpfull source of getting information from their children you can also argue that you get the same respond from them if you walk through the toy section of a store.

Another reason why television advertising for kids is bad is because the children are not able to realize when their parents can not afford a thing promoted in TV. This will make the children get mad at their parents because they think they do not want to buy them a certain toy but actually they just can not afford it. This makes it also a very uncomfortable situation for parents. It clearly shows that the children will only be disappointed after watching an advertising.

In the end when you look at the whole picture everyone can realize that the television advertising directed toward children does more harm than good. While it can help some people figure out what their children would like to have it usually just leaves the child wanting something that they usually don't get because they can't have every toy they see on TV or because the parents are just not able to afford it. And that is not all. The advertising often also leaves them feeling like an outsider because the children are not able to think critically yet and believe everything that the ad says. This clearly shows that television advertising directed toward young kids is an evil thing which has to be forbidden.
