In todays world advertising is present in every form possible, at every hour of the day and at nearly every location existing. Especially television advertising is powerful, since this type of advertisment is directed to all your senses. Therefor there is most probably nobody who manages to escape advertising. But should advertising really be directed to all age groups and kind of people? 

The importance of technology increases year by year, even in the life of infants televisions reached a high importance. Not only is this bad for their health, fitness and social lifes it's also a danger for their education and development. Children, mostly at their youngest, are very open for diffrent sources of influence. To be exact this means they are very sensitive for everything that is communicated through advertising. This has to result in a law against television advertising directed towards young children to stop the industry from making profit on the back of small inocent children.   

On one hand we have to keep in mind that watching televison on a daily basis isn't healthy for anybody especially for little children but on the other hand it's the parents decision if and how much they want to allow their children to watch television. If children would not be allowed to have such an amount of contact with smartphones, televisions and other similar products this would not be a problem. 

In summary I have to say it should not be profitable for companys to invest in television advertising directed to infants since at this age children should not be watching television on a regular basis. The only solution I see for this problem is a change in the thinking of the society as a whole. Todays world is too much directed towards technology which reached a peak with the fact that even infants are affected by this. Istead of having a discussion over television advertising, which is directed towards infants the people should rather inspire the next generation to a healthy and happy lifestyle. 