Advertising in general is a very controversial topic. Advertising directed toward children brings the controversy to a whole new level. While some people state that in the end the parents can decide if little Sarah gets her seventh Barbie doll, it is very often the case that (little) children are begging their parents for (useless) stuff and the parents are going to give in because they can't bear their children screaming at them and being unhappy. Nevertheless the topic is a hot one and there is no 100% right and wrong.

Companys produce products. Some companys produce products for children, toys for example. People who are "pro-advertising" that without advertising those products won't sell themselves on their own. Most television channels contain ads. They need the money that is coming from the ad revenues. Many children watch television. So why not advertise a product for children on a medium that is consumed by children. It all makes sense. If parents don't want their children being seduced by television advertising than they should not let them watch television. Why regulate it? As I previously mentioned, in the end the parents decide what to buy and what not.

On the other hand the people who are "anti-advertising" state that ads directed towards young children should be abolished because they make use of the fact that (young) children lack the intellect to understand that the happy voice coming out of the telly is not like a friend who only wants their best (in this case to show them what are the coolest toys) for them. Childrem don't understand that the advertisments and the company behind it simply want the money out of the pocket of their parents. It is also very unfair because many parents sometimes want their children to be happy and - much more often - to be quiet and not screaming. It often happens that parents buy their children (useless) stuff with the sole purpose that the begging for more toys would hopefully stop. But the demand for toys doesn't stop. It is created by the advertisements. Therefore some people say that TV ads directed towards young children should be abolished. Parents have much more important things to do than stopping their kids from begging for (useless) stuff, for example educating them & making sure that those tiny 

All in all I don't think that TV ads targeting children should be abolished. There is a swiss pop-cultural quote "Jede chann mache was er will, will jede staht dezue was er seit."(Everyone should be able to do what he wants, because everyone stands for what he sais.) I think this quote fits this topic. If one doesn't want one's children poisoned by the venomous spell of TV ads then one simply shouldn't let one's children watch TV. Amen.