Television avertising isn't only a huge business it's also an often discussed topic with really really different opinions. Advertising for cigarettes or alcohol aren't the only critical ones.Those spots which are directed towards children are also well discussed. But are children a good victim eventhough they can't buy these things for themselves. 
Clear is that children are fascinated from the television and that they love to spend a lot of time in front of it. Parents know that, and advertising companies are aware of this too. Because of this they adress their advertising exactly to the children. They use a lot of colors, a nice design and lots of good sounding words. And exactly this is a problem with these advertising spots, childern only see the positive side of the products and they can't think about consequences or if they really need this product. They just see the advertising and they want it. They also aren't able to differantiate advertising from the reality. Because of this they may think someting is healty or useful even it's not. 
On the other hand it's clear that they can't just go and buy the product they saw in the advertising. It's necessary to ask the parents or someone else to buy it because children aged two to five normally don't own any money. For the parents it may be annoying if their children come everyday and ask for something they saw in the advertising. But that's not a reason to ban these television spots. As a parent you have to say 'no' to your child a lot. And only because you're annoyed of something you can't just ban it. Your child will always see thing which it doesn't have and wants it now. Independant of television advertising there will be arguments about stuff they want but don't get it. Additionnally advertising is a huge business and it'll always be a big business, with or without children advertising. 
All in all I think it's silly to ban television advertising directed to children. It's normal to argue with your child about things they don't have and if you can't say no to something your child wants because it has seen an advertising you really need to think about your parenting. Advertising is business and that's the way it is. Additionally if your child learns early to be critical against advertising and that sometimes you have to accept a 'no' it'll go stronger through its life. And at the end you can't always keep everthing away from your child and you can't always ban things you don't like or things which annoy you. 