Young childern in the age of 2-5 shouldnt be allowed to watch TV. Is that a good ban with healthy attitude or a pressure for all parents?
If parents watch TV to gain knowlege about the news or about the weather, they simply cant lock the child in another room for about 20 minutes. They have to spend time while watching TV with the child. But a flackering TV screen could put damage to the childs eyes or brain, couldnt it? Young childern in this age need to play with geometric forms or play on a playground with other childern or with pets. Childern cant gain logical skills through watching TV, they have to exercise by themselfes.
Anyway, about the damage to the eyes, there is no need to worry, if the screen has a high definicion. Science says, that pets and childern prefer to watch on a HD screen, because otherwise, it wouldnt be that realistic. And even a low quality screen wouldnt put that much damage that the child would become blind. For logical skills, there are TV channels for children which tries to improve the childs logical skills. And to forbid something so unnessecary is kind of useless. Its the decision of the parents wheter they want to raise their child with a TV or without.
For me, we had a TV at home when I was very young and I sometimes watched some american child channels. I really liked them and spoke about the "stupid dog" with my dad. But when I was about 4 or something like that, the TV channels where cancelled, and so I played sometimes on the game console. But it wasnt all the time, for sure not! I played with my sister on the playground or in the garden or painted on the street with her. I was able to sit in front of the screen and improve my logical skills. So I totally disagree with such a ban, I had lots of fun in my childhood, even with a TV. I think a TV could be dangerous when the child has learned to say "I want to watch TV". If you havent one, it cant watch. Anyway I think a DvD-player and some good movies are way better for children, TV with this load of crap in it isnt good at all. And for important informations like news or weather, you simply read in the inter