About the influence of advertisement on young children.

Television advertisement has increased in the past ten years. The amount of information people are confronted with is crazy. Companies are promoting their products in the best way they can to sell it. But regarding the young children, who are often watching television these days, we must consider the damages which the streams of advertisement may cause.
If we take a look at all the advertisements there are not only harmless types of them. There are the kinds who are showing things that are inappropriate for kids in young ages. And there are the types that are pretending that life is perfect and life gets better by eating a 'snickers'. They are showing a false view on the word and humanity. Of course, we are old enough to know that advertisements tell a lot of lies but children believe almost everything they see. So if there are advertisements made for young children to see, they are speaking directly to them and making them think they way like it is shown in the commercial. The commercial is made for selling as most as possible and like that children get trained to think in a way that is only positive for the companies. Children should not be confronted with that type of material. The companies are searching  for the easiest way of tricking people into buying their products. So they are just using children, because they believe everything you say.
Another side to that would be that you can use commercials to do good to children. There are of hundreds of television programmes made for children which are trying to teach them important lessons for their lives. If you can make a way of using commercials in the same ways that those programmes do, then it is totally appropriate. But regarding the selling goals and the bad kind of influence it is not okay to confront children with masses of advertisement.
I think that children should discover the world with a free mind. I guess they have the right to think for themselves and be protected of the crazy business world for just a little longer than the first two to five years of their life.  
   