"The new 'Baby Born' only for 9.99CHF" say an advert directly directed toward young children between age two and five. Many companies try the advertise their products towards the young children to make more profit. With this they overgo the parents and try to get the kid to want their product. Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.
Just imagine that your kid sees these cool things in the TV every day. It will animate the kid to watch TV more often since it wants to see more nice products and that is not good for the kid. Kids should be playing outside and not watch TV advertises because the radiation from the TV is bad for childrens eyes.
Furthermore the children can't buy these products themselves. This leads to more internal arguments in the family since the kid wants something it saw and the parents probably don't want to buy it for the kid. Just think about yourself when you were a kid. Alot of things didn't make sense to you because you didn't understand your parents sometimes. For example when you wanted a realy nice, new toy but your parents just did not want to buy it for you. Most of us have probably cried because of that and had fights with their parents.
This leads me to my last point. Children are still easy to manipulate but doing so is ethicaly incorrect. Just think about yourself again when you were younger, you believed nearly everything someone told you. You were realy naive and thought that everything they tell you is probably right. Using that attitude to just sell more products to innocent children is a very bad thing to do.
This leads me to my conclusion. If these firms want to sell their product they should advertise directed towards the parents of children and convince them that their product is good for the kid. With a law against advertises directed towards young children we can protect our future generation and give them a better childhood in many ways. Do not let the innocence of children get used any longer and support this new law. Vote for it on September 22 of 2016. Just do it!