Children at a young age are very easy to manipulate,if I maysay so. If they see a commercial on television they will probably believe it, even if it does not make any sense. 
So should we ban advertisments directed to young children?

Of course, if we talk about advertisment that tells our children to do stuff that could harm them it would not be clever to let channels broadcast this type of advertisment. But I am sure we are talking about the advertisment that tells the children to buy that cute Elsa dress or that cool new toy. 

Personally I think that  they should be allowed. Children at that age are not able to buy the things they see anyway so why abolish the advertisments? 
When I was young I always wanted the newest doll I saw on television but did I actually get it? No! My parents told me to play with the things I already have and be grateful for them since it is not common for every child to have toys. After somedays I would forget about that doll and just play with my other toys which were just as good.

Kids are vulnerable so we have to pay attention to what we choose to show them and what not.
I think that the music videos of women getting sexualised (not to sound like a hardcore feminist) are way worse to them than a commercial by Disney and their new toy. So maybe we should not allow channels tohowing nudity at a time when kids are watching television.

I also think that the advertisment could be helpful to parents that do not have any idea of what to buy their children, especially during the Christmas season.
Growing up my brother and I sometimes did not know what we wanted for our birthday or Christmas so our parents could always turn the television on and see what could interest us.

To summarize I do not think that advertising directly towards little kids is that bad. It can have its pros and cons whereas I think it does not have really somethign negative of which I could think of at least. Parents need to tell their children that they should not be greedy and have joy with the things they have.The child will probably understand it and just move on. And like that the whole "problem" is solved.