Medias have become a big part in a human's life. Almost in every corner of our life there are machines and therefore displays. As we know, the influence of medias begins in young ages because children like to watch TV. But what do  children want to see? Of course the program. But between the end and the beginning of a new program there are breaks  -advertised breaks. So is it a good or bad for a children aged between two and five to see these advertisings?

First of all, it can give the children a sense for technology. They start to understand that technology is important and that this has to be improved. During the advertisings they get to see other machines like planes, computers etc., other machines than a TV. This can support their interests.
Secondly, even they do not realize it, they start to learn. They learn how many interesting things the world has to offer. Therefore, later they are motivated to learn more about the world and its cultures, toys and people. For example, there is a chinese toy on the TV. Later the kid asks itself where the toy comes from because he could not find the toy in any stores in its country. 

In addition to these arguments, there are far more negative aspects about the television advertising. 

In young years the creativity is very important for a child. They learn to understand and discover many things by doing things. For example transforming a wooden stick to a knife of a king. They can create their own ideas and have fun to do things because in comparison to the TV there is no one who says them with which toys they have to play in their age. 
Secondly, the influence is too strong and kind of dangerous for them. There are girls' and boys' toys and these are presented by very smart kids. Sometimes by unreal kids. That means that even in young years they start to doubt in themselves and ask themselves if they are good enough for the world. As it shows it can very dangerous for children. 

Finally, television advertising should not be allowed. Because the danger that children start to doubt in themselves is too big. They are not secure about themselves any more. This can lead to very big problems in their entire life. Therefore, we have to protect the children from this kind of bad influence and stop television advertising. 