These days the biggest topic of our community is money. I mean everything runs on money the whole economy runs on money. 
And so I have no doubt that they also want to make money with children I mean no wonder; where they see a good possibility to make money they take it without any respect of the children's life and the life of the family. They don't even think about it, many of them don't think around the corner and just see their goal.

And so disrespectful are also the makers of the ads between the children's favourite sopes, I mean everyone wants to sell its products of course but I guess it it's a bit of a mean but in the same time clever tactic to make use of the children's immaturity. With all those plastic toys kids see in the advertising these little poor things sometimes think they live in a lila plastic world and live way beyond the reality instead they get told from some mean moneymakers that they can live a happier and funnier live with their talking plastic dogs or with their new collection of Power Rangers. And in the same time as I remember my childhood these sorts of things were totally funny and I still think that it was somehow sweet that I collected thins and that and my friends did so to and we had a happy time but I was a lucky kid that wasn't influenced so much by the ads as my mom didn't allow me to watch TV that often. But nowadays children get spoiled spoiled by the electronical industry parents are somehow naive and let their kid play with their iPad twentyfour-seven, probably because it's easy for them that time the kid sits before the TV or iPad they don't have to take time for their kid, what is in my eyes completely irresponsible. So it's not only about the bad moneymakers but also about the parents who let their children play with their electronics such as iPad, TV, mobile phone etc. it also lays in their hands whether their children get in contact with the many ads. The moneymakers just take their opporunity.

Parents should be confronted more with the good aspects of not letting their children watch TV that often. I guess many children would become much more social, creative and more ready for life when they can joy the beauties of life outside in nature where they learn to play with that what nature offers them and where they learn to 

So as you may see 