Nowadays it's normal that even very young children watch television quite often. Of course if they want to see cartoons or something like that, but they also see quite a lot of advertising between the different movies. Should it be forbidden to screen those advertising toward young children between the age of two and five years?

A positiv aspect of adverting is that you get more open-minded if you see whats going on all over the world. The television companies screen adverting from a huge number of different countries which gives even young childrean an idea of life in other countries. They get to know the diffrence between countries.

On the other side the advertising form a channel for children involves mainly toys and food which is especially produced for children. Obviously when they see all that new kind of toy which seem to better than the toy they already have, they ask their partents to buy them a new one. As we can imagine the parents aren't happy to get something new again, so they say no. Consequently the children begin to scream and beg until the parents agree to go to the toysshop. And that is exactely that, what the main aim of the advertising is. 

As I said most of the advertising includes stuff for children but it's not unusal as well to screen aderverting which isn't directed toward young children but nevertheless they see it. Nowadays there are quite a few unpleasant situations all over the world and children shouldn't be confronted with problems from all over the world. As well as problems they shouldn't see adverting of cigarettes for example.

In my opinion it should be forbidden to direct telvision adverting  towards young children if it's a channel especially for children. I think they will see enough advertising when they reach their teens. Of course I understand that without advertising a television channel cant survive, but it isn't correct the direct it extra to young children who obviously can't estimate whats the aim of the advertising. 