First of all, we live in a free country, where freedom of speech and opinion is worshipped. If we cut back on what ads are allowed to be shown on television, we hurt that liberty. A television channel should be entitled to show any content they want, including their breaks filled with advertisements, as long as they aren't offensive or hurtful (for example racist or sexist).

Additionally, nobody is being forced to buy the products advertised in these ads. It's just trying to sell something to you by convincing you why this product is so awesome or why you desperately have to have it. However it doesn't actively steal your wallet, slowly take out the cash and buys certain product. It just tries to make you do named move through carefully formulated speeches.

Also, why should specifically little kids not be allowed to see ads? If you don't want your toddler to participate in the real, money-ruled world, you may not let him watch television. Kids usually do not have any money of their own to buy all the unnecessary stuff advertised on television, so how can kit really be a danger to them? They would first have to convince their parents to buy these things for them, which requires quite some debating skills and I'm sure no two year old has.

Although it's the parents that should be in control about their child's television consumption, advertisement breaks help to limit the time spent infront of the screen, because they make up some time in which the kid can for example get ready for bed. The parents could also use these breaks to control how long their toddler watches. If there's a break every twenty minutes, they know when the first ad comes on that it's time for the kid to get off of media.

There's also a lot of ad breaks on news channels, and what grown up wants to see an ad for princess sugar plums pink tutu barbie doll every fifteen minutes? If you absolutely have to fill gaps with advertises, at least make them useful for the audience.

However, these are children from two to five years of age. They deserve to live in their fairytale world and shouldn't be spammed with our money-driven societies advertisements for more and more and even more legos, when they're just trying to enjoy harmless toddler series like Bob the Builder and Dore the Explorer. Let them breathe, give these kids a rest.

Summing my points up, I understand why one wouldn't want their kids to see certain ads and things on TV. Nevertheless, we should be allowed to show ads for barbie dolls and playmobils. I mean that's how I used to get my inspiration for my chriatmas and birthda wishlist. We also shouldn't give to many influence that the parents are supposed to have out of hand. They take up the responsibility for their child and if they can't take them seeing those ads they should consider not letting their kid watch so much TV.



