An argument for this subject is that kids who have two to five years don't know what is useful or good for them, because many games are just useless and don't bring much joy as ist is shown in the television. An other argument against the advertisment for little children is that they influence them too strong, for an exemple a poor family with a little kid who is watching tv sees an advertising about a toy for children. The child starts asking his parents if they could get them the toy, but it's too expensive so the parents have to say no. The child notice that it will never get this toy. What I want to say is that because of the advertisement poor people can feel sometimes bad because they havn't enough money to make their childs dream come true.

The cons are that the producers of children games should have the right to advertise their products in the television. The don't create a harmful advertisement for children, they jus try to sell their products. An other argument for the advertisment for children aged two to five years is that for example me when I was a little child I liked to see advertisements for children games, because I wanted to be informed what was new on the market or  what I could wish for christmas. An other argument for this topic is that the advertisment of children games make the parents life easier, because the child know what it wants when they go to a shopping center. Without the advertisment children would cry in the super market, because they couldn't decide which game their parents should buy and that would end in a discussion. 

In my opinion children aged two to five are too young to know what's good or usefull for them and because of the advertising in the television they are wrong influenced. The adverisement lie often, so it's better that you go with your children to the supermarket and look by your own what could make them laugh or what isn't harmful. Because of this I think that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.