
Insane Advertising or normal funny ads?

It's totally normal today to have several commercial breaks between your sitcoms or the movies you would like to watch. We have adapted to this over the time but it's still annoying for lots of people, but have you ever wondered about the impact all this ads have on a litte five years old child?

It's totally clear that the channels couldn't survive in their branche without the advertising companies which are spamming with all sorts of ads. The prices for these short and sometimes shitty ads are insane high but they have to work out for the company otherwise they wouldn't do it. But most of the advertising companies have no ethic code and would sell everything to the viewers if they could make money out of it. But an ad doesn't have the same effect on a litte child like it has the effect on an adult. Litte children are very sensitive about other opinions. So ads full with liars could misslead these young humans on the wrong track and could mess up their real life. We can see the reflection of this on the generation which is about ten years old today. Mostly all of them have a smartphone today and even better most of them are informed about the latest trends and want to have these new trending toys too. And what does a litte child without enough money or even without the permisson to buy it do? It runs to its mommy and is begging to get this new toy. Most of the parents get soft when their litte child is crying and so they buy it. But it could also go the other way, the child could go after, a refuse of its parent, to a stranger and ask him to buy it or even steal it by it self and all this trouble just because of the groupe pressure to have this toy. It may sound like a exaggeration but we can't underestimate the power of groupe pressure on little children.
On the other side you can argument with the fact that the responsibility is with the parents of the children they have to explain their children that it don't need this toy or whatever the advertising companies are trying to sell at the moment. So if the parents are doing a good job by protecting their child from stupid ideas and decisions because of all the ads the litte booger will be allright.
But there is also an other problem which comes with the ads for adult people. We're talking here about sexual advertising and dating websites which are getting more and more popular. These ads aren't meant for children but it often happens that a child sees them, and some illusions of the shiny friendly world are going to disappear. It's a big problem when parents are watching a film with their child which starts at let's say eight o'clock and in the later commercial breaks the child is going to see some soft porn.
There is a very heated debate going on about this issue and there are also existing some laws which won't allow the channels to promote this ads before a certain time but is this enough?
For me personally i have to say that when I was young, that these sort of problem weren't really existing, so I can't speak about my personal experience. But  for me is clear that we have to improve the security of our children by invent new laws to shrink the influence of the adver