It is a fact taht in the USA or in outer countrys children acting is very popular. Mostly are behinde evrey childhoodstar a strong mother or father, witch push the children to go one or to bee better than outhers. The children have so a dificuld live and not a normal childhood. If you see a smilling on the face of a childerstar you can not sure that this smailing are reel , because they are trained for that. This are the resaons  I am agree with taht televiosion advertising diseted toward young children should not be alloed.
So i said behinde every childrenstar are parents or one parentpart witch push her child to do this. The child can not dicide be her own because they have not the mentale talentd jet. So they do waht they parents said, because they trust them and belive parents are allways right. They have no mobilitys to say waht they want. I think this fact allon shoud be strong enough to push tis disishon to a agree.
That the children do waht outhers people want, they have not a normel childhood. So they go to spezial kindergarden or schols.Sometimes they not even have enogh time to play with outuers childs. Because they have to go with her parants to a shoting or to a casting for an outer roll. This children have to learn in a age of two waht is mean to sit quiet on a chair, and not waht is mean to play with outers the oll day long. It is that the right way for a child to grow up? I think not.
What ever I said here, it dosen`t metter even the child is not happy. But that is the dificult part. I think you can not be sure taht this children are happy, because they trained this for castings ect. Mostly the chids had all toys they want because they earn many jet. But they can not reely paly with them. Are thise children happy with this waht they do and waht they have? 
I think a children shoud have a childhood and not a perfekt futre in the show bisnues. They shoud have fun, because in the childhood is the only time your live is perfekt. If your are growing up the mashic of the wolrd goes a way. 