Is television advertised directed toward children useful?

Children are known to learn the fastest. That is necessary because they have to learn a lot to survive. So as you may assume, childhood is the easiest age to influence. So the question is if advertising toward children should be allowed or not.
Children are easy to influence, so television advertising could manipulate their growing a lot. Advertising is a way to sell products and young children are not really capable of making good decisions, so their parents should decide for them. But with specific advertising the children get to know products they probably want to have (like toys)  and their minds get used to buying and consuming. This would mean that later on we would have a society of consuments, which would be great for economy but bad for the environment because of the high amount of CO2 and trash. 
On the other hand, the children would have products they like and therefore they would be happier. They would create groups of interest and socialize because they would be sharing the same good. Advertising could help children to create an opinion and maybe to learn how to discuss, for example if they would have to convince their parents to buy a toy.
But does more stuff equal more happiness? The children would have so much stuff they would not use. That would be a waste of material and money and that all for a short moment of happiness. The children should be able to socialize without needing an object. That has been possible for so many years, why should it be different today? 
In my opinion, advertising is better for the factories than it is for us, non less for young children. As I was younger I used to have many toys and I did not play with all of them. But I have to admit that there are some useful toys that my parents and I bought,like lego, but I do not remember seeing them in television. I think that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed because it influences them to much. In my point of view that would really create a society which is concentrated towards buying and consuming and that would harm the environment. People would buy much more stuff that they do not need than they already do. The only group that would really benefit from it would be the factories and similar.