The world has changed in the last couple of years. With the inventions of digital technology people started more and more to consume entertainment at home in front of their screens. First, those programs, especially on television, were only for grown-ups. But this has certainly changed. First also teenagers consumed television, then children under ten. In the last few years companies discovered that parents that don't know how to entertain their children just let them watch TV. For every age there is also advertising in television to gain money. But is this legit for children under five years?

First of all, for creating TV shows and films production is very expensive. If people want their children being able to watch TV for their age, companies have to gain money to produce it. Advertising is the only way to gain money from showing their productions on TV. Adults won't watch those shows, only their small children will, so it's logic that ads will also address children.
On the other hand it's way to early for children to spend time in front of a TV screen. They get manipulated and in this age they can't know what's right or wrong. For companies it's easy to trim those children to buy their products by pretending this to be the best product on the market.
Also those companies do not care what is good or what is bad for small children, they only focus on what gives them the highest profit. For example "Kinder Schokolade" is a product almost every child likes, but it's very unhealthy and it has a lot of sugar in it.

For me it is clear that advertising for small children should not be allowed because children can't differentiate between wrong and right. I am shocked that parents just put their children in front of a TV screen and don't really care about them. Companies just make use of this disability of parents what I surely don't support, although there is much money around in this market section. In a few years this could lead to a big problem because teenagers then won't know the real world and how to "survive" in it.