
Do you know the saturday evenings, when you watch a film for the whole family? And suddenly there is an advertisement directed to your younger brothers or sisters? And then they'll cry all the time: Mum, i want this! Dad, can you buy me this? And when you are in the city with them, they recognize the things from the adverisements and cry again. Should television advertising directed toward young children not be allowed anymore? I'm going to write first arguments against a prohibition of TV advertisement directed toward young children an then arguments for a prohibition.

We live in a liberal country, everyone has the right to tell what he thinks. Switzerland is also economically really liberal. Because of this, many enterprises want to sell their products here. When we regulate everything, it's not good for economy.
When you wouldn't allow advertisement for young children any more, because they could be influenced, you shouldn't allow television advertising for old people, because they could be influenced as well and so on. You would have to prohibit nearly every form of advertisement, when you do this.

But there are many arguments for a prohibition of this form of advertisement. You could influence little children really easiliy, because they can't think really critically at this age. You just have to tell them in this advertisements enough times, that your product is really "cool", and then they wan't to buy it. I think it's like indoctrination, and you shouldn't indoctrinate this little children. 
It's a well-calculated advertising business. They direct their advertisement toward a certain age of children. In the statistics, they can find out, for which age a TV-show is produced an then produce their advertisement for exactly the same age of children. 
And so much money from hard-working parents is spent for things, that the children don't really like, things, they only want to buy because of the adverisement and which is propably not good for them. 

Finally, i think you have to prohibit this form of advertisement, because it's a really strong and well-calculated indoctrination of young children, which don't have the possibility to think critically and don't know how this money is earned, which the want to spend on things, they only want because of the advertisement.