Children nowadays are able to watch television as much as they want, therefore they will eventually see many commercials directed towards older people but also commercials directed towards them. I will talk about the use of such tactics and their manipulative substance. Afterwards, I will be talking about the ethical point of view.

First things first, showing children advertises directed towards them can be really profitable for companies which for example sell clothes or toys. Children at that age will not be able to withstand their desire to have it, meaning that their parents will have to buy it, unless they want their children to cry all day long. It is a really smart move for companies to do so, nevertheless children lose interest in things quite fast. They will not stick around with the idea of having the things shown in the advertises for a long period of time therefore companies need to make really smart and appealing advertises for the children to really want it. 

Secondly, advertises are made to manipulate people into buying things or believing things that they would not do otherwise. Despite the fact that it is pretty hard to manipulate adults, it is rather easy to do so on children. Children, especially young ones under the age of ten, are very vulnerable against manipulation. That is the reason companies can make a huge profit out of this fact.

Last but not least, I do not think that it is very ethical to do advertising directed toward young children, yet no one can stop it because, from a legal point of view, it is totally fine. As I said before, young children are extremly vulnerable against manipulation and taking advantage of that fact does not seem right to me. It may be helpful for companies to do some advertises for young children but it is not really fair, not for their parents nor for the children themselves.

To conclude, I think that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. I believe that there are way more ethical ways for a company to make advertises than directing them towards young children which can not see that they are being tricked.