Television advertising is very manipulative, that's a fact. With there pretty people and sneaky music as so text, they get into your head and almost force you to buy their product. And the problem is, it's everywhere. In Television, on posters at the street,... So it is impossiple to avoid them. The only way to not get manipulated is to question it. Look through it. But not everybody is able to escape it and so they get blinded by all the pretty and pricy things.

As said, it's hard to look behinde the manipulative trick of the advertising company and it's even harder for children. Than young kids have an inocennt sould and mind. They are not able to question the things they see. Children believe what adults say because they don't know it better. In that case it's very easy for the Television advertising to manipulated little children and to get into their heads. 
Imagine a little girl is watching her favorite TV show, adoring the animated figure, her hereo. But as the show is over an advertising of a doll showes up. Of course the adverstising claims that this doll is the best and prettiest and that every girl in the wolrd needs it. So the little girl jumps onto her feet, runs to her mommey and asks her deperatly to buy her this doll. But when the mother refuses to buy the toy, the child gets mad and sad. Television advertising has so much effect on the feeling on young children and the bank account of the parents.

To look at it from the otherside, in some points advertising can be even more dangerousfor adults. Because different from children grown-ups have a credit card.  Luckly children don't have the ability to buy all the pretty things they see on television, otherwise they would get into lot of debts.
And sometimes the young children's mind doesn't understand what the people in the TV wants to say. so their nsimple and naiv minde would safed them form the manipulative advertising

Summing up I think that Televisio advertising directed toward you children shouln't be allowed. It's okay to watch here and then a funny show for children on TV, maybe they than even leran from it. But in my opinion kids shoul be spending more time on playing on the playgroud with their friend, than sitting on the couch watching manipulative advertising.
Because when even adults get tricked by the advertising company,how can children be safe from it.