Just about everyone has once seen parents with a young child in a supermarket, and noticed the inevitable consequence of this: While the parents are putting all their groceries on the conveyor belt, the child is bored and uses that time to beg the parents for the strategically placed sweets. And if it tries enough, chances are the parents or the parent will just give up and buy it. Because of this, there are people trying to ban TV advertising directed towards younger children in an effort to reduce that begging and make parent'slives just a little bit easier. But does this make sense or will the advertisement's effects be short-lived and negligible?
Firstly, some people think that this just can't work, because "advertisements directed towards chilren aged two to five" is too hard to define. What guidelines would advertisements have to follow? Would this be abused by companies to ban their competitor's ads? And how could is be measured and quantified towards what ages a product or ad is directed? 
And also, there is the problem that a ban on certain ads would give companies' competitors in different countries a significant edge by improving their performance relative to the companies that have to follow the regulations. This would ultimately be bad for the whole economy of the country.
And last but not least, the effects of the ads would be short-lived as the attention of the child shifts toards other things, so as long as the children don't watch TV immediately before leaving to a supermarket, the effect will be negligible.
But if you look closely at the anti-banning arguments, a significant self-contradiction is noticeable: the first two arguments talking about companies without ads being at a serious disadvantage seem to suggest that these ads are important for sales and therefore, their effect is big. But inthe last argument, it is claimed that the effects will be small and not noticeable. This suggests that the argument concerning the disadvantage could not be true, and that the effectis in fact so small that no one would notice the difference they make.
And lastly, if the effects are actually that big, why don't we make parenting, especially with younger children, a bit easier and reduce the amount of begging for sweets or whatever catches the child's fancy? 
In conclusion, because young parents already have a hard enough job, I think society should really help the people who form our future a bit and ban TV ads for children. It is even in everyone's own interests to have less children begging for something loudly and annoyingly by keeping companies from making ads that add to that sort of behavior.