Television advertising is a big part of a programm of a channel and the companies earn millions of dollars by showing advertisement to their customers. But do not forget, young children can watch that easily, too. So should it be allowed for children aged two to five, to show advertisement to them.

Firstly, such young people do not understand the whole system behind their television and how companies earn money by advertising their products. The children watch the movie or small video clip and think that is a fantastic thing and they do not realize, that this advertisement has nothing to do with reality. Companies advertise directly to children to sell their products in a big amount. The parents have then the problem, that their children wanted to have these things. Therefor the parents have to explain them, that they do not get these things and maybe as you know this is a hard piece to do. 

Secondly, advertisement is not good for the brains of young children.The young people have a false imagination of the world. Furthermore, they have in their mind that all these products are amusing and a lot of fun, but they are not. Only because the enterprises advertise their games or other devices so good and with a big strategy behind it, does not mean that they are useful and funny to play with.

On the other hand, every mother or father has to decide for himself, if they want to let their children watch TV. The girls and boys should better play outside with other friends or play a game with their siblings and do not spend the whole time in front of the screen. Social activities are one of the most important things in a life of a child and the best to grow up with.

Another point is that such a new rule is a lot of work. So people have to spend hours to control the companies and for that money is needed. So is it useful to produce such a high amount of work only that children, who spend their free time on the sofa are not attracted by television advertising.

All things considered, parents should take the part and decide for themselves, if they want to let their children watch advertisement. So everybody can decide for himself. So I think that it is useless to introduce such a new order. It is hard to control and a lot of work. Of cause advertisement is not good for the children but for them it is overall better to spend the time outside and have a lot of fun with their friends. 
