The television is a big influence in almost everybody's life. Many of us watch television everyday included young children. In television advertising they are many unfiltered and uncensored informations. Television advertising directed toward young children is not good for the psychical health of the kid's. 

Firstly, young children aged two to five should not watch television on a daily basis or even better, not at all. It's not good for their creativity and there are many ways to spend the day better and healthier. In front of a television nobody makes friends or learns new skills like jumping of a swing in a park. There is so much that gets lost of life if they are in the same room all day long. It is a huge hype to let the children in front of a television with some snacks and a soft drink instead of giving them something healthy and going to a playground or in a park that is not a good childhood. 

The second argument is that the advertisement in TV's is often pervert or just for the eyes of an adult. Children that see this kind of advertising may do not understand them or really get them but their brain is like a big sponge and gets all the information even if it can not deal with them. It influences them more than many people think. It is critical to let the children watch all this stuff and not to care about what they do understand and what they do not.

Lastly, in many television advertising they give a wrong picture of something. If little kids see them all the time they are going to believe everything the advertiser says and preaches.They are going to want everything they see and that is stress for the parents too. There are many grown-ups that get addicted to buying things from television advertising. It is sad that this is the bigger problem than children that get influenced everyday by bad campaigns and bad deals between the newest episodes of Winnie the POOH.

To sum up, small children in such a young age should not be watching television advertising at all. It is acceptable to watch television if they watch a movie or something that is made for younger people without any advertising. It is really frustrating to see that more and more children do not go outside to play with their friends and become a television addict without even watching a good program but advertising. It would be so easy to not watch advertisements at all bur people are so lazy and they often do not care. However this can not be healthy and can not be good for a childrens psychical health at all to watch television advertising this young. 
