Children at the age of two to five usually have started becoming young people. They have got a mind of their own. They understand what you are telling them or at least they think they do. But they can not differ between good and bad. They obviously are not old enough yet  to think rationally, which is a crutial thing for decinding to go withthe advertisment or to ignore it. 

Advertisments are used to manipulate people into doing stuff or going out and buying the product you were just informed about in the television. Children at that age are old enough to understand what the advertisments are offering and they are at the age where they would also already go and ask their parents if they are allowed to have something. Usually their questions or demans are more like if they are allowed to eat an ice cream or if they could play with mommy`s make-up. But of course if the advertisments are directed towards children alone and not towards the parents of children, the results would be most efficient for the company adevertising the product. You sow the kids what there is and they go and do the job for you, in begging their parents to go and buy the product for them. 

On the other hand it is morally incorrect to manipulate children into wanting something which they wold be toatally fine without. The do not know that it is probably not a good idea to buy all the things shown in advertisments. Because children always see things as good and not as bad. Bad is not something they are capable of understanding. Furthermore I do not think it is really effective either to actually direct the advertisments toward children, seeing how they actually do not sit in front of the television at that age. So companies investing in making advertisments for children directed to children would lose a lot of money.

Personally I do not believe it is morally correct to manipulate innocent children into buying new things and furthermore there is no use in it. Cause in the end it is the parents that decide what to buy and what not to buy. It is neither profitable nor effective or even useful to go to such lengths to sell a product. 