As a young kid at age two to five you are maybe watching TV your first time. Mostly these kids are watching special channels made for children at that age like "Disney Channel" or else. Like other normal channels they show cartoons, shows and other programs. And after or between those programs they show some advertising, mostly about five to ten minutes. But because they show advertising on a children's channel, they have to adjust those advertisings and show something that fits the viewers age. They advertise dolls, little toy cars and other things that kids normally like. But should these advertising programs be allowed to advertise young children at age two to five?

Many children look up to their parents and mostly want to bejust like them. They want to develope and become independent just like their parents. Children like to act as if they are older than they actually are. So they also want to watch TV programs with advertising like their parents so they can show how "cool" they are. For that to happen, kids also need advertising on their cartoon channels to grow up and develope to a person, that can decide alone, if they want to buy something or not. 
But many kids just want to watch their cartoon series and don't care about advertising. They get annoyed by these advertisings and maybe go do something else, or even go to their parents because they are bored. The parents are also under pressure because when their children always watch advertising, and see something they want, these parents have to buy these toys to make the kids happy. So also the parents get annoyed spending even more money because of advertising. 

Personally I think that the arguments about the parents who have to buy more toys arevery accurate. When I was little and I saw some toy on TV taht looked cool because of the special effects I wanted to have it very badly. And my parents got annoyed because I wanted every single one. Truly kids can be manipulated with these special effects and cool new toys to go to their parents who then have to buy them. But I also got annoyed about these advertisings myself because I just wanted to watch Spongebob and not advertising about Barbie dolls. 