Telvision advertising which is directed a young group like chlidren from two to five has to be handled withe care. Children in that age can be influenced very easily. When a product ist shown to them through TV-advertisment it's often done in quite a manipulative way. What I mean is the way, a product is presented to them. All the children in the advertisments are super happy while for example playing with a new doll. They are smiling and giggling, playing with there friends and it's always great weather. Everyone wants to have such a life rights? For children that's a reality they maybe don't have, but they want it to be like that. It seems like only with those products one can be happy and have such great fun. When they now go to their parents and insist on getting that knew doll or the new lego set young children can be very complicating. They often don't let go of their idea and and hardly insist on it with crying, shouting and other actions. Without such comercials, one would relive parents from alot of trouble and stress.
On the other hand, if someone has a problem with TV-advertisment just don't let your kids watch TV. Nowadays kids are spoiled with tech and otherthings anyway which manipulated them the same way, so why blame it one the TV.
Furthermore, how should a business producing products for children otherwise show theit product to their targeted client group. Children that age don't go to town that often or use the internet ore listen to the radio. The only thing where they get in contact with the big world of advertisment is television. And since we live in a market economy why should such a business not be allowed to place such advertisment. If they couldn't revenue might go down people lose their jobs, an industry would be destroyes.
But how about my own opinion. Well, i don't support the manipulative way some commercials are made, but that's how it is. If parents can't stand the way their children annoy them in the shops when seeing the products they saw on TV and now lay on the floor and shout that they want that doll, maybe one should think about his or her's parenting and the way they raise their kids. Maybe TV-advertising directed towards that group should be changed and oprimised, but not allowing it seems like an overly harsh consequence.