Nowadays television advertising is a very important marketing tool. They are made carefully and it is supposed to convince the audience to have a desire for the product they are advertising for. Ads can influence a person emotionally and inspire them easily. It's something visual and that's why people can fall for the ads even easier because we like to believe in what we see. 
Children like to spend time in front of the TV and watch cartoon all day. Certainly they are not going to switch the programs because they are way too excited for the following one. And while the kids are waiting for the next cartoon, advertisements will show up. Which is actually not a bad thing because they are sometimes quite entertaining in my opinion. But of course all those ads give the young people a desire to get those products next time when they are going grocery shopping with their parents. Depending on the child's personality it can react dramatically if the parents refuse to get them a toy they have seen on the TV. But there are also parents who want to make their kid as happy as possible and keep getting them whatever they want which will make the young children spoiled without them realizing at that young age from two to five. Although at the end it depends on how parents are taking actions towards different types of ads and how they are going to deal with the desire which their child got from television advertising. Now that I mentioned different types of ads I want to say a few things about it.
Myself I've never experienced any bad influence from a TV advertisement and I believe that people make sure that most children program are safe to watch. However there are also very inspirational ads I've seen in my life such as an insurance advertisement which can be very touching. I remember crying because of an advertisement from an Asian insurance company. If people will support the company is our decision. But at the end I still learnt something out of that advertisement. What I am trying to say is, with ads you can basically talk to people all over the world over the TV screen or any other types of screens. That's why I don't think it should be forbidden for kids to watch television advertisements. 
To sum up, television advertising can influence people's mind easily but how we are going to act after watching it is our decision and the parent's responsibility. 