Plan:

introduction: what about?, why ?

paragraph 1: why not good?

paragraph 2: why not disallow?

conclusion: pissible solution (controld consum)

Introduction:
We all know this discussion about the consumerism of the medias by children. Some people think that children under 5 years should not be able to watch something on the television. Others think, that it is good for the children so that they can achieve a higher level in life because they learned by watching the television.

First I want to look at the position of people who are against the television. Their probably biggest argument is, that the TV is not good for our eyes. But another very big argument, I want to write about is the neglection of their social ¨lives. Children who watch too much TV do not care anymore about their real lifewith their true friends and prefer to watch Tv than to go out.These people may have a big disadvantage in their lives. It is not good if a child is watching TV because it is bad for social lifes in the future and maybe they will get bullied later in their lifes because others who did not watch TV have friends and they have not. That is a true sign that the TV and other mediasare not good for children and they should better go out and play football or other games like we did when we were children.

Secondly I want to talk about this out of the view of people who do not want to disallow children to watch television. One of their arguments I want to look at abit more exactly. It is the argument that if children do nt watch Tv until they are five yars old they will try to watch much more when they are over five years old and they can watch Tv by these people it is as well possible that they sop having a social live and they will get bullied. 

In conclusion we have to say, that both sides have good arguments and we should take a middle solution.This middle solution would be, that parents allow their children to use these medias before they are five years old but they should control their consum. So that it is something like half an hour per day. Thanks for your attention.