Whenever you turn on the TV, whether it is because you want to watch a movie or because you watch the news every day, you see all the things you never realized you needed. But suddenly you feel a longing to have that special shampoo that makes your hair look like that from the advert you just saw , or you realize you definitely need that new car, because the one you have now just isn't as great. But is it really important to have these things? You are an adult; you can make a difference between things you really need and things you want. In the end the advert may have woken a longing in you, but you can set yourself free from it. But can small kids make that difference aswell? In this essay, I'm going to answer the question whether television advertising directed towards young children should be forbidden. 
Well, first of all I have to state that children of the age two to five are very easy to impress and to influence. When they see an advert they like, they feel like they really need this thing right now and probably don't understand why they can't have it. They are too young to even understand what an advert is, so they won't understand when their parents tell them why they can't have that doll right now. 
Another problem could be the money. When children start going to school, they usually get a little amount of money every week. So when they see something they want in an advert, they could save up and buy the item themselves. This way they learn that money isn't something people have unconditionally. But little kids don't get money, I'm not sure if they even understand the concept of money. When their parents buy them what they wanted so badly from an advert, they think they can now have everything they see on television. 
On the other hand ther's the fact that children see advertising everywhere. When they walk through town, when they play games on tablets or phones,... We all know that today kids get their first phone or tablet very early, so there they are faced with a lot of advertising aswell.
Also, who says that children can get influenced by an advert that isn't directed towards them? Because we are only talking about advertising directed toward these children, not about any advert. Where is the difference between what a 5-year-old wants and what a 6-year-old wants?
Coming to the end of this essay, although there are valid arguments against the prohibation, I have to say that I thing television advertising toward children aged two to five should be forbidden. I don't think it is right to influence such young people with adverts directed specifially towards them . They will get used to these things soon enough.