Television advertising is really common and most TV companies have to use it to gain the income they need to pay their ongoing costs. In their everyday programs many TV channels, depending on their target audience, sometimes or the whole day play series and movies for children often including formats for younger children aged two to five. Those children like television very much and they like to watch those channels but also those channels have to gain some money. Often they solve that issue with advertising.
The problem is that advertising for children is not the same as advertising for adults. Most Adults are mature enough to make a decision if they want to spend however much money on the product they see in advertising and they can also understand the problems they could experience after having paid too much money on a product they don't really use. In general, children aged two to five can't even propperly understand the concept of money. So they constantly ask their parents to buy them the new toy from television. And because parents love their children they often end up buing something their child uses once or twice and then doesen't even care anymore about it. Of course that is not the fault of the child but the question is if it actually is the fault of the parents who constantly buy new things for their children or if itis the fault of the TV companies who advertise to a target audience which can't make resonable descisions.

Personally I think advertising and children TV channels havenothing to do with one another and should be prohibited. A good example would be the german "Kinderkanal" or "KIKA" which, at least when I watched it, didn't play advertising at all. They could afford that because their income didn't actually come from advertising but from their mother company which, I think, was "ZDF". I think that this would be the best solution for every children's TV channel because the only other ones I can think of would be to prohibit children's TV alltogether, which doesen't really solve the issue. Like that children would probably just start to watch "normal" TV which includes the advertising but they couldn't really understand.