Imagine you are with your child in a shopping mall and suddendly it starts to run at a window, points at the electric dog. "Please dad, I saw this on television, I need that now they said!" First you are strict and ignore the shoutings of your four year old son, but after some minutes your heart gets soft and you buy the dog for 99 dollars while you are secretly killing the advertisiser at the TV in your mind. 
It's a fact that all television programs need to advertises something to get some money. But do they really have to influence our youngest members of the society? These kids, discovering the television, are so young and so innocent that they belive most of the things an older person says, how should they know that this isn't the truth what the person in the TV tells them. The only way the learn what they should belive and what is total bullshit is, that the parents tell them. But today, in a modern family, there isn't always someone around the child, because both parents are working. So its totaly impossible to get full control of what your kids watching at the telvision, which is not only bad, but to protect our children the directed advertising toward young children should not be allowd.

In the end the parents are reponsible for their children so they have to get controll about what their kids watch on the television and waht they are buying them. But as said before total controll ist not allways possible which is good. Only than the kids can grow up to independendt citizens of our land. And in addition how can resit when such a lovley young child looks up at you and ask if you could buy a thing for them. We do not want them to become influenced personnes and teach them from the begining of their live that everything in the television is the trut, that is what politicians try to make them belive early enough.
Regarding these reasons I would say that we should help the parants ouf our new young and independent citiziens and make the television save for children and the parants wallet again. So television advertising directet toward young children should not be allowed.
