Opinion directed essay- Advertising and young children

Advertising is a very big and important theme of today's society. Every brand or new thing tries to sell and promote their products through ads like television or internet. There are a lot of advertising that are in television for adults but influence a lot young children. 

Games or cereals with particular designs like Disney figures are sometimes made for young children. As an example the cereals, maybe you wouldn't think that it is an ad for children but they will recognise their favourite figure and tell their parents they should buy this cereals. Or maybe they will see it in the television and afterwards in the supermarket and beg their parents that they buy it. It is probably not really fair because they are just children and they don't think about money or the actual product but just connect their favourite things with the design of the packaging. But are this ads really directed towards young children? The most ads in television like supermarket or thing to wear a made for adults. So the brand wants that the people buy this things. This are things that are especially made for adults, like a car it's not for children but has another destination of buyers. So let's say that on television a brand is promoting a pram. Pram are made for children, but are the children deciding which one they want to buy? Or special milk to grow well or something to eat that helps the children growing better, this are ads that are directed toward children because they are made for children but who decises which one they will buy? I don't think that the children will tell their parents at the supermarket which one they want unless they tried some or the packaging looks like something that children like. 

There are some advertisings that are made for children and can influence them but where is the point on prohibiting this one on television? Maybe before some ads are not allowed on tv, people should just watch how much time their children spend on watching tv and what they are watching. There are not only on television but also outside a lot of ads, which can influence children and their behaviour. In my opinion the problem is not with the ads in tv because they are more directed towards the buyers and not towards little girls and boys. 