Advertising for children only
The question if TV advertising directed toward young children should be allowed is very intresting, there are many arguments which show that it would be a crime to allow it, but on the other hand there are at least equally many points which tell us, that is is not that much of a big deal.
I personally have never seen, or at least never noticed adverts, which in my opinion would have adressed only young children aged two to five. This surely doesn`t mean that there is no, but maybe there are no so many in my region which makes the controvers question less important. Of course I could`ve easily miss it because I`m much older then five, but from what I see on the streets every day, the adverts are more likely to be adressed to a much larger group of people, for example women or older people, not people from 65 to 70.
On the other hand, if advertising as described in the task is currently present in the world, it would mean that almost all children from two to five see or hear it, and because of that, they could easily manipulate the parents in their choices.
But with that in mind, the question rises, what is so catastrofic about children who manipulate the parents. Because also the parents see and hear adverts and are equally. or even more affected by them, as the parents really buy things and can decide how to spend their money while children simply can`t.
Anyway the children can be affected by advertising which could change their personality as they grow up. Children are more easy to manipulate and are much more easy to convince, which at the same time makes them an ideal group to direct advertising to, but also acts as an external factor on their growth and can manipulate the not completely formed brain. 
I think that adverts made for children aren`t a big problem, but there have to be people who are disturbed by them anyway. And although I think that there is no big difference for the companies wo advertise between adressing a child or their parent, the children could get affected more. In my opinion children should first grow up, at least to the age of 10, and then start to make decisions and not already be manipulated by advertising from the past years. That`s why I would vote for a prohibition of advertising for children only, but I don`t see it as somthing very bad.