First of all it is a common topic that the TV shows much advertising and that they all have consequences on our lives. An example is: A little child sits in front of the television and is watching his favorite TV-show. After half an hour, the first advertising shows up. Most of the children think, as soon as they like what they see, they have to have this product. So they run to their parents and show them this thing that they "really need". 

Parents can react differently to this situation. They can say to their child, when they clean their room or when they get good grades, they will get that toy. This way those television advertising has a positive aspect. So the child has a goal that it wants to reach everytime he looks at this toy in the TV again. 

Secondly it is good for those who sell these products. Because such young people don't really think about what they really need, they only look at this product and when it has many colours around it and when they see that others have fun with it, they want it too. And the parents can't always say no to such a cute little child that askes with big, cute eyes if they could buy this toy for him or her.

But on the other side the televison advertising towards young children make the parents buy more and more just to make their children happy. Especially in the young age the children don't think about what they really need or what they could really have for a long time. So they just see the product that is shown in the TV and already want it. And it is clear that those who invented those kind of advertising use this kind of people to sell more products.

Secondly, the more the little toddlers want, the more they think about what they don't have instead of what they have. This could cause that less children in this young age are satisfied with their childhood. And we all know that this is the age where you just don't think about problems or got negative thoughts. So this should not be changed by this television advertising.

To sum up i think it's important that the television advertising should not be made for such young people and more for those who already can see the difference about needing and wanting. And I think it is better to look at those things they already have instead of wanting more and more. So this is, in my opinion, the key to a wonderful childhood without any television advertising that only uses these young audiences.