"Television is bad for your eyes."
That's a common sentence used by parents to draw their children away from the TV. Maybe it's just a fairy tale made by concerned parents or maybe watching television really has become what most parents fear: addictive.
But what about the advertsising? Don't we all hate it? These breaks between our beloved television shows or even between a really good movie? But what about children? Aren't they in danger of a bad influence made by ads?
Well it's not that easy to say. We could say that advertising really has become a big thing. Ads by McDonalds or the new doll that every young girl needs to possess.
Ads always give us this feeling that we miss out on something. They give us the feeling that we need something even do we can't afford it or we know that it's not going to have the effects we want it to have.
Children between the age 2-5 probably see flashy colors in front of their eyes while a catchy song is playing but it's hard to believe that they actually understand the content of an advertise. They are still so young and the brain focuses on diffrent things than advertising.
Also we could say that most of the children don't really spend their time in front of a TV. Most of them are playing outside during the day in the evening they go to sleep early anyway. 
Also most of the time parents are pretty strict about the TV rules and most of them don't allow their children to watch TV besides some childrenmovies.

But still we can't deny that young children are naive and can be influenced very easily. We may not notice it at the first glance but isn't their always a child that wants a new doll? Or a new plastic boat that's probably not even good in quality? But why is that so? Is it because of advertising in television? 
Even though I said earlier that the probably only see flashy colors and can't remember properly they are always in a learning progress. And if they see something they want it. 
It's easier to get a childs attention by using an ad because they can't read and sometimes it's easier to just give them pictures to look at.
Also the ads are catchy and most of them are promoting useless toys that can't even be used properly. Some of the ads even promote an unhealthy lifestyle for example McDonalds with his famous happy meal. And food is as we all know something that holds us together and it doesn't need much words to say that you're hungry and that you want a happy meal.

So should we cut the access to ads for young children? I don't think so. The ads may be made for them but as I can say from my own experience that it's pretty much useless. I don't remember most of them anyway and if I have seen something on TV and want my parents to buy it they would be strict about it. I mean it's still the parents choice what they buy and don't buy for their children.
