I'm going to start with some lyrics in order to make my point: I'm not him but I'll mean something to you. "I may be younger but I'll look after you. We'r5e not in love but I'll make love to you. I'll let you guys prophesy. We gon' see the future first."    And another one: 
" You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven youre my hell
Youre my now youre my forever
Youre my lies youre my truth
Youre my war youre my truce
youre my questions youre my proof
youre my stress youre my masseuse"

These lyrics are supposed to hook the reader even though they have nothing to do with the topic. Now I start talking about the topic. Picasso is dead, walter disney is dead. Name somebody living who can be named in the same breath as them. Start with the truth. Start with what everyone's thinking. And put some dope shit with it. What's the point of thinking? Look at Nicola Mussio. He was considered to be a photographer. Then he made Twelve years a slave. It ain't no joke, Rakim told us. I got ideas that can make human race's existance within our hundred years better. Period.
Oh, that wasn't about the topic.

Television advertising toward young children should not be allowed, because it makes our children dumb. But we should let them listen to great artists such as FRank Ocean (Frankie) or Kanye West (Ye). YOung children respond too sensitive towards this advertising.

The advertising exploits the fact that children are not capable of differentiating between te reality they experience on the street  of Chicago where Kanye, Chance the Rapper and Nicola Mussio had to grow up and a fairytale generated by large corporations.

Let's look at the infantile NIcola Mussio. He likes watching Spongebob and is immediately hooked up by advertising. He clicks on every pop-ad when he's surfing on websites with por*********** content. Now he can only drink Red BUll. He says: " Ich könnte auch Prix Garantie saufen".  

These two bodies underline my principle argument. Thats why I think TV advertising should be forbidden. 




























