Today there are many television advertisiung directy towared to young children, older children and also for adults. There are adverts like for chocolate, dating  apps and anything else.These adverts manipulate your brains and the stuff for which they make adverts are generally shown better as they really are. Older people like teenagers or adults would understand if the product is good or not, but should it be allowed to produce television advertising directed toward to young children?

First of all young children shouldn't watch television at the age of two to five. They should play around, learn how to go, learn how to speak and many more. Its not good to watch television or play games like our generation is doing at these days. Nowadays you see often children with iphones or ipads. They waste their childhood with these electronic stuff. As I was a child I played around with my sister or played soccer with my dad.
But otherwise there are also good television programmes to learn english like Dora or there are nowadays also apps on the television to learn to speak english or something else. Parents should only allow their children to watch these stuff and not stuff like normal television programmes with all these television adverts.
Producing Television advertising especially for children is also a money waste. I dont think that they are going to understand a lot by watching these adverts, because they aren't ready to go on with what they see at this age. But it also can be that they only recognize what they see. For a example, they see chocolate or something else, so they consider on that thing to buy it but they do not recognize how bad it could be for them.

In my opinion television advertising toward young children should not be allowed, because the hard fact is that they just should not watch television at this Age. The producers want to manipulate the brains of this young children with this adverts but i think its a money waste and a thing which makes no sense to me. Generally they won't understand anything or they just recognize the pictures and after that they consider to buy that what they saw, because they dont understand if it's good or bad to them.