I bougth allot of toys because I have seen the publicity on Televison. So televisons influences children, but is this really a bad thing ? In this essay I am going to write about this Subject.
One of the biggest problems is that espacially children get adopted to watching televison. So there are a lot of different series that are made for children and were children invest a lot of time to see each part of the serie. Children also give up reading because they prefer watching televison and that is bad for there creativity and languege skills. 
But I think there are also good aspects for example: if there is a serie about dinesaurs children become interrested in dinesaurs and start to read about them or they also go to museum to see the bones of a dinesaur. Or maybe theres a serie about the univers and then the children becoume interrested in astronomie. So it can aslo inspire a child to read more about a speciall suspect.
A big problem nowadays is that a lot of children do not even go outside because they have to watch televison. So the real life is less important than a fictional televison serie.
But I think each child in the modern society watchs televison today so I think if there would not be a speciall program for children they would watch other things and maybe they would watch things that should only be watched by adults so in this point of view television espacially for children can also protect children.
As I have allready mentioned in the introduction the televison can also influence children and push them to buy something. I think this Aspact is a really important aspect because children do not understand how the get influenced by the publicity. And maybe they create there own opinion about a suspect based on something they have seen on televison. 
So based on all this arguments I have mentioned i have to say that I would not forbid televison espacially for children but I think to much television is not good for a child. So i think that it is a task of a parant to observe the own children and to regulate the consume of televison.  

 