There are so many different advertisement airing on television every day. Every ad is aimed to attrac a specific group of people. Especially in the afternoon there are various ads that are directed only toward young children aged two to five. These advertisements are very controversial because it promotes materialism and kids learn the wrong ethics. That's why those tv advertisements designed to attrac kids only should not be allowed.

Advertisements that are directed toward kids teach wrong ethics to a child. Every ad promotes a product and makes you want to posess it immediately. Kids learn through advertisements that material things can make you happy and are the most important things to have in life. But this kind of thinking is wrong since we should be happy in life without money and our possessions and appreciate our family and friends and other things that can't be bought with money. Advertisement teaches kids materialism and a wrong definition of happiness.

In controst one could argue that advertisement help the economy. Without advertisements nobody knew about products on the market and nobody would buy them because through advertisment you get an insight on what is offered on the market. The companies wellbeing and wealth depend on their sales of the product. If a company couldn't advertise their products anymore the sales would drop and the company could run it's business anymore. But a good economy is dependant on companies and competition.

Children at a young age are very easily influenced and fooled. If they see an ad about a teddy bear the instantly want it. Adults can be influenced by ads as well of course but the difference is that children cannot understand at this age that you get everything you want in life. The consequence is that they will cry for the teddy bear as long as the parents give up and finally buy it. Parenting is very though in those situations because in one way the parents can't stand seeing their kids cry and being unhappy but they also don't want to spoil their kids by buying them everything they want.The companies that are advertising the teddy basically exploit families. 

I personally think that advertisement designed to attrac only kids shouldn't be allowed anymore because our children shouldn't live in a materialistic world where everybody needs to possess the better car, bigger house or 