Every time our kids turn on the TV to watch their favourite show, it is likely that the screen is showing advertisements, because it was turned on as the requested show has not yet begun. In that very moment, those unexperienced, almost naïve minds, are exposed to whatever is happening in front of them. Whether it's an ad for a new toy, a kids magazine supscription, or some kind of candy, the children suck up all the information they are being told, without questioning the content. Now, is it a good thing to allow companies to advertise their product in front of such a young audience?

The reason why I'm against advertising on children's TV channels is because on one hand, children are impatient. They can't wait for "ad breaks" to be over, so that they, for example, can see their favourite superhero save the day. And if advertisements roll a lot, the child becomes annoyed, upset, or angry at whatever it is watching. And that anger often enrolls on the child's parents - which brings me to my second point.

On the other hand, it's not the children who are paying for the toys, it's the parents! If a boy goes grocery shopping with his mom and he sees this brandnew LEGO dumpster truck sitting on a shelf, just waiting there for him to choose it, buy it, take it home with him and have a happy day playing with it, the boy's thoughts partially implied by TV ads he had seen about that truck prior to entering the store create a stressful situation for both the parent and the child. Having seen the published ads on TV, the boy knows all about the trucks cool features, such as remote control. That is giving him a wider range of arguments he's able to use against his mother, who is just trying to buy the ingredients for tonight's vegetable stew. The last thing she wants is a crying son, but not being willing to buy him another toy to lie unused inside his oversized toy box at home makes for an excellent base for an argument, whose possible endings most people know already. The mother either buys the toy and is upset about her unnecessary expense and her son's misbehaviour at the store, or she doesn't buy the truck and the disaster becomes even more horrifying for her: Having her son screaming, crying and yelling at her about the "unsuccessful" shopping tour makes other people look and stare at her, the "unresponsible mother, who is not willing to fulfill a son's wish".

Eliminating advertising for kids on TV would not only make sense for the children, as waiting times for their favourite series become shorter, but also bring relief to the parents, because they would be able to avoid certain stressful situations throughout the daily life and they wouldn't have to fear about their children watching content inappropriate content for their age. In addition to that, the family budget would have more room for the important things like food, home improvement or holidays, rather than spending a lot of money on toys and such. And anyways, isn't there enough stress for the parents around Christmas to worry about what toy to buy for their beloved children?