Advertisement directed toward young childern is rather manipulative, since they will be excited about the bright colors that are often shown in such advertisments. They will often ask their parents to buy them whatever new product they saw in the advertisment, and they will often get it as a birthday or christmas present.
This, of course, is helpful for the companies. It must be effective, since if it was not, there would no longer be advertisment directed toward children. Parents will spend money, which helps keeping the economy going.
On the other hand, children can easily be manipulated. There was a study in which they were shown a short video clip of an evil clown being beaten up, and as a result, the cildren would later try to hit a person distinguished as clown. Apparently, avdertisment seen in television might cause damage to a child's mental health, especially if it contents violence or usage of strong language.
However, parents decide what they let their children see. They should be capable of controlling how they rise their own children, what they buy for them and what is not acceptable to show them. Parents can turn the television off at any moment. Also, advertisments only seen once will usually not cause damage to a childs development or mental state. Content must be seen over a long period of time in order to cause such problems. Again, it is the task of their parents to control that. 
Still, children will sit in front of the television longer, waiting fo the bright colors and exciting sounds to come along. Furthermore, talking of their parents, those will not be too amused about their children asking them to buy whatever new product they saw on television.
However, again, this is in control of the parents. They should be able to control what their child sees and the should be able to refuse to buy whatever product their child wishes for. Additionally, children will watch more television anyway. There are enough shows they can be excited about, for instance disney movies such as "The Beauty and the Beast".
In my opinion, advertisment towards young children should not be forbidden. However, parents have to be careful about what their child sees at a young age, especially when it comes to violent content or similar.