I am agree with this statement, because think today in television we can see so much stupid things. In this age children shouldn`t see things like this. I mean sure in television you also have some programs only for the kids but for kid in the age from seven to eleven or something. In the programs for adults or teenager they are so many things which aren`t really good to see for small children, for example some pornos or war-things. Because I think small kids maybe do not understand what they say in the television but they can see the worse pictures and I think maybe it could be that they understand this pictures. Maybe not everything should not be aloowed, because there are also cute things in television who are really okey for this age and this series for kids are often really short only ten minutes or something like that. Maybe this kids series they can help the kids to speak ot some easy words or learn some easy things. In a other way is my opinion that children shoud know what happens in the world, I think if a child is maybe fourteen or fifteen, then it is old enough to understand some difficult things,but not in this age.Since we have this television and computer and mobilephones so many kids can watch TV how long they want and what they want. But if you are a small kid you do not know what could be good for you or what you should not see in this age. Sometimes i am really shocked what so small kids are able to do or have. If you are a kid you should go out with the kids in the forest, it is not important where but you should go out with the kids.let them play outside because the nature is much better than some advertising or programs in the television. How I already said I think it is okey if children are able  look sometimes a short clip or something in the TV, but not so often. Because if a family has a TV at home and the parents watch every evening TV, you can not say to your child that they are not able to look sometimes. As I was a child we did not had a television at home an I had t played outside or make some puzzles oo something like that.