The modern television, the gateway to all our daily information that we use almost everyday. Wether it is a drama, movie, new or documenteries, we can all agree on the television can open our eyes to new horizons. In spite of that, should we allow our young children exposed to televion advertising ?

In my opinion, young children should not be exposed to television advertising as if mind corrupt their innocent minds with inapporiate content. The reason is that certain televiosn advertisiments might display inapproiate messages such as exploiting the bodys of women and dangerous acts that the children might follow. For example, children might saw an advertisement showing men doing rock climbing, thus prompting him or her to immitate their actions and ultimately hurting themselves.

Secondly, children watching too much television and television advertisment might get violent when they grow up as some television commercials depict violence as something cool and manly to childrens. They might end up growing up with that mind sets and grow up, becoming a bully in school as they think that the act of bullying is the sign of manliness and cool and others might think of the same way.

Thirdly, young children should engage more in physical activities as play with their friends as that helps the childern to learn how to socialize with others better. Also, due to childern constantly sitting indoors watching televion, their health might degrade and might lead to obesity during a young age and might unable to sociallize with others in school well.

Furthermore, due to more television commercials showing taking drugs or smoking associated with manliness and it is the mainstream of things, childern might end up taking drugs to let other kids know that they are the 'cool kids' in school. This can lead to disatrous consequence as they might lead to increase of social problems such as drug addicts. Further more, they also might end up with robbery as they cannot afford the drugs because they are too expensive for them to afford.

Next, children who grow up watching television and commercials might have worse eye sights compared to those who do not grow up with television. This is because long exposure to the light emited by the screen of the television can end up damaging the delicate nerve cells in young childern's eyes and they are forced to wear glasses at a young age while this problem is usually found at the elderly age.

Last but not least, watching too much television might end up with addiction. certain television shows are shown at the same time everyday, for example a series of cartoons. That will cause the children to want more and in turn, causing them to be addicted to television and will stop at nothing in order to watch thier favourite shows. For example, a young childern might start to cry and whine because they are not allow to watch their favourite show and will not stop until they get to see them.

In conclusion, as convinient as it is to just let children watch televion everyday, in my opinion, it is better to let children to go out and enjoy the sunshine and play with others. I find it better that to let children be themselves and let them explore the world without the use of televion until they are able to differenciate what is right and what is wrong by themselves so that the wrong message is not imprinted into their innocent minds.