Children who're now aged two to five do not yet have an understanding of the world, of what's going on in it and that the people who advertise their products on TV just want their money (or their parent's money to be exact). They'll blindly walk into the advertisement's traps and ask their parents over and over again for the "awsome" product that they have seen on television, until they finally say yes. So I assume you could say that this is basically taking advantage of the children, of their... I guess "stupidity" (which is kind of a very harsh word for what I want to say) and of their disability to see through the whole system. The only thing the children know is that they want this toy that they can brag with in front of their friends (which by the way will probably turn out to be not as cool as they thought). 

Now while all of that might be true, it is also to be taken into consideration that only their parents would even be able to buy their children the things that they want after having seen these controversial commercials. So basically I think it is possible to say that even though the kids can't form an opinion and don't know what's going on, their parents will have to do the final step of buying the products which gives them the job of knowing what's going on.

On the other hand, I honeslty don't know why advertising directed towards children is only viewed negatively. Because, believe it or not, there might actually be useful products that are advertised, and there might actually be honest and genuine people out there who do not only want to abuse the system. Not all of it should be branded as "bad".

Having thought about all that and knowing, that if it were to be a bad product by bad people who only want to trick children and their parents into buying their stuff, that it would then only be the parent's fault and not the children's, I think I can safely say, that I would not prohibit television advertising for kids, because if you really think about it, the advertisers are not taking advantage of the children, but rather of their parent's disability to say no to them.