Televison is something so important for the people in community that we can`t live without televison. From time to time the children started watching television earlier in their lifes.  But television for young children isn`t in every situation something good. With the television children are able to learn a lot. There are a lot of TV programms in which children can learn a lot about animals and the nature etc. With the televiosion they are using their time with learning new things and don`t vasting their time. In some cases is it also useful to help learning a language. But there are also a lot of negative points. They can lose their sozial connection to other persons if they are only watching TV. They don`t go out and play with some other children for example. An other point ist that they can developp an addiction to the television. If they are addicted they will not be interested in other things what could be a problem for their future. An other problem of television is that TV isn`t really for 100% exactly. We don`t realize that but our brain. For example the sound and the movement of the lips from the persons in TV when the have a dialog or something like that isn`t exactly to the same time. The timing is not correct. Our brain realize that. And in this young years of the children the brain can save a lot of informations. And when for example this timing isn`t for 100% correct they don`t learn for example a language. It is more useful to learn a language when the children listen to a person who read a book in this language. In our age we don`t realize so small mistakes of TV. I would clearly say that it is mor useful for young children if they watch not a lot TV or start to watch when they are seven or older. They learn more when the play with other children or listen to persons who read something for them. In my opinion is it completly unnecessary when children start watching TV with two years. I support that television advertesing directed toward young children shouldn`t be allowed.      