Young children do not have full conscience and can easily be manipulited. Often, they can not know if the things that are shown in an advertising are true or can be true. For example the advertising for "Kinderschokolade" is ckeay directed toward kids. They see laughing and happy children eating this chocolate and giving them for example extra forces. so they think, in real life, when they themselves eat this as well, they are afterwards as happy and as powerful like the kids in the advertising. So they go to their parents and want them to buy this product, in this case "Kinderschokolade". The parents themselves would not have bought it, but then, when the littel children ask them with a "dog-regard" they can not say no and buy it. 
Exactly the same pheomene is wiht the McDonalds advertising for "HappyMeal". The kids see the fries and burgers und hear the "yummy-sound" and, naive how they are, think that it is very tasty and want to get the little dolls or whatever that is offered with the food. So they go to theparents and ask them to go to McDonalds with them to eat "HappyMeal". So the parents have to buy things the would normally not and the kids get fat.
A positive argument is, that the economy augments because of the parents who have to buy things they do not really want to but they want to do a favour to their children. So the eating and food companies profit from such advertisings directed toward children but also game and toy companies. 
I personally think that it is not right of the companies to lance such advertisings, because the children at this age are not strong enough to not want to have the advertised stuff, because normally children want to get everythin that makes them laughig and that seems to be very tasty. They are too young to deciede, if for example advertised food is healthy or not, if games are useful or make just dumb and aggressive, or if they will still like the toys after a week or if it is just nonsense that entertains two hours and after that it is just rubbish.
I think it is not fair from the companies, because of the children get just fat, dumb, aggressive, nervous, and want to get everything and the parents are nearly forceless beacause of they want to make their children happy and they often think that if the neighbours buy that stuff to for their kids, it has to be good. But effectively they spend their money mostly for rubbish.