Well the first thought which came to my mind is that it really shouldn't be allowed just because children of this age are easy to influence. I mean how many times have we seen in our life that you just have to tell kids something and if you tell it with conviction they most likley will agree with you and will tell it to other kids. And these children are not really capable of analizing a commercial and forming their own opinions. They just want it because it appeals to them or they don't. I just don't feel like it's good for children at this age to bombard them with so many commercial. So maybe you shoudln't prohibid them but reduce them. 
But if I was a CMO of a company that sells children's toys I'd say that we need these commercials. Because we need to give these kids the incentive to buy something. Respectively to tell their parents they want something. If we can't promote our products no one really will. Since a lot of parents just buy their kids what they want, but they don't tell them what's on the market...
So as with everything there are two sides that you can pick. 
For me personally I feel like these are the most important factors (or at least the one's which came to my mind the quickest ;)). 
I feel like we can't let the kids be bombarded with all these commercials etc. I feel like we kind of need to protect them from our "bad" world. They have enough time to still be bombarded later with all the "adult stuff". But one the other hand I grew up with commercials and I don't feel like they damaged me in any way. Or maybe they did but I just don't know/ noticed it... Maybe we should do some research about that. So we actually know what effect it has, IF it does have a effect.
But also I aknowledge the fact that business/ economy is a really important factor to... I mean can a country really prohibid commercials directed twoards children. Companys need to be able to promote their product and through that actually sell them, that's what let's our economy going.