Children watching television. A common sight in any household these days, especially as TVs are affordable for almost anyone nowadays. I myself remember watching different childens shows, just so my mother could do something else for a while rather than entertaining me. 
With all normal TV chanals come advertisements, usually for the newest beauty product or a nice car and most of us don't think twice about it. But is advertisment on a childrens chanal for young children a good idea? 

Children are much more influenced by things that people are doing around them, it is all part of the learning process. This includes watching TV, which is not too bad as specific childrens films and series can even help them learn. The problem is the advertising between these shows. The things shown might seem appealing and could lead to dangerous behavoir. For example if a nerf-gun is advertised and the child might think it looked cool shoot things. If this child then found a real gun, it could end disaterous.

Advertisement for make-up and cars are made to look appealing to anyone it is directed to. This is the same for childrens toys. A child will see many toys advertised on TV as it is what most children love. If he or she sees something she likes they will ask their mother or father to get it for them and this could go either way. If the childs parents say no and the child will have a tantrum which is both not nice for he parents and the child. Or if the parents say yes the child is happy but will ask for more and more and will either get a no and have a tantrum or get spoiled by all the toys.

Obesity is an ever growing epidemic all over the world. And people are blaming the fast-food industry for it as thier food is high is calories and low in nutriens. A big problem related to it is the growing size of overweight children. Food advertisement on television is not helping this at all. Advertising for a happy meal or cookies will only make the children want more food even if they are not hungry. Which leads to them gaining even more weight.

This is why I agree with the statement above. I think children are to easily influenced by the advertisements to be able to have them on TV.