If children are about one to fourteen years old they aren't able to think responsible or make important decissons. We can't juge them because they just haven't collected enough experience. So I think children at the age two to five aren't able to consider wether they should buy this or not, wether if it is good for them or bad, wether they should spend money on something or not. They just look at things and they like them or they don't or they want them or they don't want them. Children don't think about if they need thing like that or not. 
The television advertising for children are mostly about toys or things to paint or build something. They are often visualized better than they really are in reality. Some toys can speak or walk, plays are often animated with other things, wich aren't in really in the game and most of the time the stuff in the advertising look better than in real life. So children want them and if they receive them, they are dissapointed because they imagined the things diffrent than they really are.
On the other hand everything costs money and as i suppose children don't have money. They want something they see but they're not aware what that thing cost, so they always have to ask their parents or their grandparents or someone like that. And some toys aren't cheap, they cost a lot of money and some familys can not afford them. So the children are dissapointed that they don't get what they want and they don't understand why. 
The television advertising always bring some new things up new games, new toys. Often Children think what is new, that is deffinitly better than something old. So they always want the new things and they will never be completly satisfied.
So i think television advertising directed toward young children should not be alllowed. They influent the life of the children too much, the children will never be satisfied. And i think young children shouldn't watch that much Tv, so they should just bring de programme for them so they can watch it and then turn off the television and do other stuff like go out or play with toys. And if they would show so many advertisings to little children like toward adults, children would watch more Tv and would want more stuff. So i think it wouldn't be a good thing for them and i wouldn't be that sure if it would bring more money to diffrent companys.  