Are children being manipulated by television?

Nowadays nearly every child watches tv at least once in a while. There are many shows for young children such as cartoons and so on. But there's one thing everyone dislikes while watching tv: advertisments. Every half an hour there's a five to ten minute pause for advertising, and they're getting even longer. And like in every channel there's advertising in the channels for young children. Should television advertising directed towards young children be forbidden?

Channels have to earn money and the best way of doing that is showing advertisments. But who wants to put their advertisment on a channel which is for children? I mean the advertisment would be watched mostly by children and this wouldn't be worth it. So the only advertisment that are worth to be showed on a channel for children is one that is directed to them. 
But many advertisments are made, for example, to make the viewer by something, so these advertisments are often manipulativ. They want you to do what they want. Young children can be manipulated much easier than adults. One could just make an advertisment about some kind of soda every hour and it's likely that this child will remember this soda. This could lead to an obsession with it. This could make the child obese and thats already a big problem nowadays.
But that would be one of the smaller problems, one could use advertisments to make children much more things. Imagine if during the second world war there were so many children watching tv and being manipulated. 

One could argue that the parents are much more influential for those children and that it is their job to watch their children and make sure they don't watch too much tv.
However nowadays there are too many parents not being able to handle parenting and just letting their children watch tv all day.

In my opinion tv advertising toward children should not be allowed. Children should not be manipulated so early in their lives. It could become a much bigger issue than just wanting to buy some stuff. 