If we turn on our television it's most likely that we will come across advertisment. Nobody likes it but it's just there and there is nothing we can do about it. It tries to sell us a new detergent or the newest vacuum cleaner. But it doesn't stop there. It even targets children by trying to show them how awsome the new barbie doll is and how much cooler you become with it. But should that be allowed? 
Advertisment is a product of our economy. Each company wants to sell their products as much as possible to make the highest profit. And for that children are a really easy targets because it's easy to influence and manipulate them.If you tell a child it would become cooler if it buys those blinky shoes it will believe you and want to buy them. And that's exactly what the advertisment does. Showing the children how fun their product is and how much cooler they will become. Children are naïve and will believe the advertisment because they see the happy children in the television.They don't see them as actors as adults do  but they see them as their potential friends. But one big problem without those advertisment would be the financing of the kids channels because most of the money comes from those advertisments. And channels for kids aren't generally bad. Without those funds many kids channels wouldn't exist any more and they might start to whatch content that wasn't ment for them.

 I don't support the idea of advertisment directed directly towards kids beacause it just an easy way to make money and it's certainly a wrong approach. I think the easiest solution for this problem wouldn't be banning those advertisments but giving more responsibilty to the parents. Today there are many possibilities to get around them and if they don't want their children to be exposed to advertisment they maybe need to invest some mone and subscribe to Netflix,  buy more dvd's or simply record the program they want their kids to watch. So if you don't like that your child is exposed to advertisment, there is an easy way out. And maybe one day this will be enough to make the advertisment directed towards children disappear.