Nowadays you will find advertising everywhere and it manipulate us to buy or do certain things that we might would not do. But the older we get more personallity and will get less easier to manipulate. So companies try to get the easier targets like young childrens (aged twoto five). Like McDonalds which builds playground in their restaurants to get children and with that making them loyal costumors when the grow up. Criticts thinks that this is unfair and we might destroy their individuell personality. But in the others say it is necessary for a healthy develepment.

There are tons of people which think that children's brains can not really see if something is real or not. Their brain are not finished at that age so their easy prays for big advertising companies. Aswell they are more inocent and might trust them to easiey and do not question it if it is real or not. If the get manipulated this early we might get easier targets if wie grow up or even get damaged. So people are scared that young children can not see between the line and detect the lies.

On the other sides there are the comapnies but aswell as other critics which think it is important to get in contact with advertising so if we grow up we question it more often. Aswell our brains learns what it is and we will get harder targets for them. They also think if we fall for a "trap" young we can not possibly make a huge finacial loss as if we grow up and fall for it then. So the other side says that we need to learn what advertising is in a young age so we can learn how to question them.

But even in the "Pro Advertising side" there are some critics. Well there are not really thinking about children but about the effiency of the advertisment in general. Is it really clever to target young children which forget things if they get older. Also they do not have any money to buy things. So basicly they are saying that if is not clever to target childrens because they " do not buy" but there parents "are buying".

In my opinon I think we should advertising to young children. I think is very important that they learn how to deal with it and that they lie to you. That is a great lesson for their life. But I do agree with the critcs but I would not ban them. I rather would regular them more maybe ban a few too manipulative. So in the end I would not can the system now to much because I think it is important to learn buy maybe with a little help at the start
