Television advertising is everywhere today. Some people do not even realise it. Other see it and belive in everithing they say. This topic is now most popular than ever, because nobody really knows what can happen if the advertising is directed towards young children. We do not have any experiences with something like that. We should not forget, the television is a quiet new technologie, even if we all have smartphones in our bags now.
The advertising is directed to only a apecial group of humans. That could be women, teenagers, children, animal-lovers, grandfathers etc. There is no muster. But it is known, that the younger generations have not made his own opinion.So, if the advertising is directed towards young people, nobody can say sure in wich way this could change their lives.
Many parents have not a TV in their house, so the children have not the influense of it and they can play outside like our parents did in this age. They think, that the best way to handel this situation is to not confront the children with it but to hide it from them. They are just too young for this big confrontation. They could not learn how to handle it. First, children need to make their own experiences with the real word. After that, they are ready to confront the advertising.
Other parents think, confrontation is the best way for a child to learn how to handle things. So they are always in de near, when a child looks an advertising and can make jokes of this product. The children can realise, what this means and learn this way, not to take everything siriuc they see on the TV. This can make the rest of the life easier if they realise it. But if the children are too young, maybe they do not even see the advertising like it is, but only colourfull and moving pictures.
Parents learned how to handle such situiations on the way, they think it is the best. But we would not have the problem if there was not any advertising directed toward young children. Even the people in this management should realise, that children shoul be children even for a short time and not some targents for a new product. My conclusion is, that it should not be allowed.