There are arguments for and against it. A main argument why it shouldn't be allowed is that advertisement often contains wrong information or is at least making the product look better than it is in reality. So the children will get wrong informations and as they don't have much life experience yet they are not able to decide whether something is true or not. That means that they will just believe everything the advertisement tells them. 
Further they will be influenced by many things in this very young age. And that is probably not the best thing to happen. There is so much different advertisement and the will just have too many informations and maybe not believe the truth the parents tell them, bescause they like the wrong informations of the advertisement better.

But there are also a few arguments against not allowing it. If there wouldn't be advertisement directed toward young children, the children would just see the advertisement directed to adults instead and that maybe is even worse for them, then seeing the advertisement especially produced for them. Because there are some things they don't have to know or see at such a young age. 
Also if they get used to advertisement in a soft way, meaning through advertisement produced especially for them, they already learned how to deal with advertisement in a young age. So they won't have problems later. And also in this young age the parents can help them dealing with advertisement, so they don't have to deal with it all by themselfs when there adult aswell.

I don't understand why you would let a child at such a young age watch TV at all. I think they have enough time to do this later in their lifes. At such a young age you have energy so you can play inside or outside or do something with friends from courses you and probably your parents are attending together. When you are older you still have time to watch TV when you are very tired after work for example and don't have time to do something with your friends. So I don't really have an opinion on television advertising, but if I had to choose I think I would say it should be allowed, because then they right away get the true impression of television and not a better picture of it than it is in reality.