In this text I would like to deal with the suggestion, or more the desire, that commercials that traget young children in the age of two to five shouldn't be allowed on the TV. It is sure that many people start to watch television already in very young years. In the past few years it even gets worse and worse, a child's consumption of TV programmes rises constantly. So this question is a burning issue that we need to spend our thought on.

Are children at that age already able to understand what the sense of a commercial is? Children at that age don't yet understand what is going on in the world and with what tricks companies want to influence people. They're only watching television because they want to see their idols or their favourite series. They're not yet interested in commercial or products that are promoted.
But exactly the not-understanding could be the problem. Children haven't learnt yet what is good and what is bad. Their brain collects all the information it can get and is not yet able to sort out what is useless and what is important. At that age their imagination is at a peak point what means that when they see something they can make up a whole story of it. Depending on what is showed in the commercial this could harm a child's mind or give it wrong illusions.

Another aspect to be considered is the aim of a commercial or its advertising company behind it. The goal is to have people buying a specific product or booking a certain vacation, etc. The deterrant at a commercial directed towards children is that they don't decide yet what they buy and what not. They don't have their own money (even pocket money would not be enough) that they could go and buy stuff with. In this point of view there shouldn't be any worries that commercial could lead to debts.
Eventhough children cannot buy the promoted stuff by themselves they can go and terrify their parents until they get it. This creates a competition among children because they always want to own all what the others have as well what could possibly finally lead to debts for the parents.

Moreover, you never know what's going on in the mind of a child and how it perceives the world's action. You don't know how it feels toward itself. Maybe a child already has depressions or little psychical diseases and then commercial can be very dangerous. People acting in a commercial mostly are quite beatiful and seem to look and live perfectly. A child then could get offended and disencouraged because it sees what all could be like. 
Here also a point against the argument below can be found. Children actually live a very happy life because they don't have no worries yet. This can be seen for example when a child meets new people, they're not shy and directly go talking to them if they are sypathic to the child. Or also a child doesn't worry about what to say or what to keep for itself, it speaks out loud what it thinks. It's not important for them how someone else looks like, they don't care, they just want to play around and have fun.

Although we have the same amount of pro and contras I disagree with the statement that television advertisings toward children should be prohibited. While contemplating the arguments for and against the statement, to me it appears that the contras are way stronger than the pros. 
To give a full accurate opinion about whether I support or refuse the statement given I would have needed to know what the intention was to say that commercial toward children should be forbidden. I think that it is not harming or causing damage in any way the only thing I can think of is that it should not be allowed because it makes children sitting longer in front of a TV set because there are always commercial breaks interuppting what the child really would have wanted to watch.   