The question if children should be allowed to watch television and if so, how much, is wiedly discussed. Many parents are concerned that television is not good for their chldren. A large concern is advertising, that is directed at young children between the ages two and five. This type of advertisement has become more popular over the past few years and is usually streamed on channels that show cartoons for children. This type of advertising should not be allowed, because it is harmful for the children and their development.

First of all, advertising is a way of manipulation. Especially children can be manipulated very quickly. Advertising supports our consumer society and shows these young children things they want, but don't really need, at a very young age already. Although children do not have the money to buy the products they see on television themselves, they will want their parents to buy it for them and be jealoous of their friends who have it. Children are not able to recognize what they really need and what they already have at that age. Parents often report of having toys that are never played with at their house.

Furthermore, children should not watch so much television in general. Since advertisemnet can be adicting to watch, it will make the children want to watch television more, than doing something else. This could be harmful for their development, as it is proven, that watching television slows the thought process of the brain. For example, a studay has proven, that teenagers who watched a lot of television at a young age, now have a lower IQ than those who didn't. Therefore, it is important to encourage children to do something else than watching T.V.

Watching too much television is not good for anyone. Especially children are in danger of harming their development by watching television excessivley. I think, that it is manipulative for companies to direct there advertisemnt towards young children, just because it is easier to convince them. Children should watch less television in general and rather go outside or play a board game, as this can improve their mental and physical abilities. Television itself is adicting enough for young children, so advertisements directed at this age group should not be allowed at all.