A young child get up in the morning. Out of bed, down stairs, in front of the television for watching his favourite programm. A situation that is very often today but what influence had television and all these followed things that television brings?
Often you hear the children don`t go out and play with other children or have a hobby for exemple foot ball. The children become over wight and healthy problems but are those things the most problematic things? Things like advertising are forget very often. And very important are there also positive things for advertising in those young age?
An argument pro advertising is surely, that when children don`t learn how to use advertising in young age, the never learn what they have to do in older age. With maybe ten years suddenly all TV programs are full of advertising, now the problem are with ten age the same with two.
And when you had no advertising in TV whats about advertising in the internet in the towns and citiies, our society are full of advertising and you can`t protect young children. We are from our first they in this influence so there is no reason for no advertising on TV.
But these argument could look on from the other side.
Yes, our society is always in influence of advertising but you shouldn`t do extra advertising for xoung children when you have the possibility to do it different.
A big problem is also the topics of the advertising, often they are unhealthy things. The television is a very good platform for advertising our society life very unhealthy why not to use television for healthy food or somethin like that.
I think, you can`t do anything, that a lot of children watch TV, that is in influence of the parents and you aren`t in influence that they weren`t advertising on Television because the big concerns had a lot of influence, but if they were possibility to say to the concern for other advertising for healthy food or something like that I think advertising is a goog way to chance our overwight society in the future because you have to chance something the quastion is just how?
