Television advertising toward children; dangerous or good?

Kids see everywhere advertisement, on many walls in the city there are posters, in the tram, train, bus; everywhere you can see
advertisement. But the problem of television advertising is that some of them are directed toward very young children.
So the business which made the advertisement knows that they use the children for theyre own goods, for the economy.
But is this theyre right to make that? An example is Migros Mania, altought this isn`t television advertising, its a advertisement toward children.
The children want to have those Manias and tell theyre parents that they should go to Migros and buy some stuff. So for sure Migros doesn`t want to make 
the children happy like they pretend to do, know they just want more customers and want to rise theyre profit. But when you see it in the eyes of the economy you have to say that its very important to make that much advertisement. Otherwise Switzerlands economy wouldn`t work. It`s also important that the young children can handle these situations and that they get known with advertising. Its really naive to say advertising should not be allowed. Because then is the question how you want to get this through?? Who decides which television advertising should not be allowed? And it would be very dangerous for the economy, we would lost much money! 

So know I have shown you to sides how you can look at this statement. But in the end I want to explain my own opinion.
It makes me really angry when I watch television and I see like advertising for red nike shoes for children aged five! This is a big 
problem of capitalism. The big companys like Nike, Apple, Addidas ... and more, use everybody expecially the kids and the youth!!
What should a Kid think when all of his friend have red Nike shoes and the television advertising says in other words "you should wear those shoes otherwise youre not as cool as the others". Children have to be protected from the capitalism! They shouldnt be used as "models" for red Nike shoes!

