Television advertising is everywhere. In my opinion, you don't only focus on kids but also on adults and it influences all of us even though we don't realise that. It's not only in the TV that we get connected with these things, but also in magazines, commercials and in the malls. However, how can you stop that?

I believe that television advertising for young children may be a little bit dangerous because in some cases, kids want that cool, pretty toy like in the TV. But I think in the older ages, it's more dangerous when you get connected with the society and seeing your friend with better and cooler things. I know a lot of parents who don't let their kids watch TV until the age of 6, so the children don't have to deal with these things early. But is it also better to have to deal with it up to the age of 6 or 9?

I remembered that I was that kind of child, that always stood up early in the morning and watched some cartoons. They had a lot of commercial and television advertising and maybe I wanted a lot of those things. But it's in the hands of your parents. If they don't treat you in the right way and aren't stubborn about not buying you all toys that you would like to get or only buying you those things if it's christmas or your birthday, then kids in the age of two until five will learn that. My parents did a well done job in that case. I agree that television advertising may have the effect, that some parents don't want to hurt their on children and buy them those things. But on the other hand, I disagree that it shouldn't be allowed. It also may help other people to see new stuff that the fabrics have produced and get some ideas for gifts. It's not that toys are bad and kids shouldn't get connected with them. 

So in my view of point, you should allow all kind of television advertising or non at all (also not for the adults). Parents have the most source of power for the kids in that age. They have to teach their kids if it's true or not, if it's good or bad. And I think there are also some good television advertising.