Television advertising directed toward young children

Advertisements are a big part of our life. However, we may not even realise, since it has become so normal to us, that we may not even notice them. They are everywhere around us, since the day we are born. It surely has changed a lot in the recent years, but, do we even think about their influences, especially for young children? In this essay I want to write about whether television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should be allowed or not.

Young children consume advertisements everyday. It doesn't make a lot of sense to me, to produce television ads directed toward young children, since they aren't capable of even understanding them. Children don't have the capacity to analyse the goal of those ads, even if they consume them. What two year old child would watch TV, and then begin to think about the influences of advertising? 

Second, I want to add that television advertising has changed a lot in the recent years. Lots of them provide us a false picture of our society which has a negative impact on us. Young children may feel forced to follow a certain goal of the ad in order to fit in our society. This biulds a lot of pressure on young consumers, even if they don't fully realise. For example, if a young child sees an ad about a videogame or whatever, he thinks he needs this to be cool. 

However, sexualised contents are also a big problem. Lots of young children are already acting like adults in television advertising, which is really unhelathy for their development. They need to be children, not dress like adults or put make up on. In the US for example, young children already play roles of adult women in ads or movies.  

My last argument that supports the prohibition of television advertising toward young children is the picture of violence they use. Lots of ads for for example videogames are really violent. This may contribute to the growing violence or aggressive behaviour of children.

To summarise, I think televison advertising for young children should not be allowed. A child's brain isn't capable of differing between negative and positive aspects of them. My opinion is also that they are kind of unnecessary. What is the goal of them? To make a five year old child buy those new cornflakes? In the end, it is still the job of the parents to control what ads their children consume. 

