It is Saturday evening. Your family and you are watching a movie on television. As always the movie is interrupted 30 minutes. The sound of television raises without you even touching the remote. But the not the movie that you were watching is on. It is again one of those boring advertisment that you have seen more than ten times over. 
Who is not annoyed by those 45 seconds of interruption that are repeated at least three times? It will be difficult to find someone who would disagree. But they are still being played on TV. That must mean that they are highly efficient in doing what they should - capturing peoples attention and lurging them into buying something. But what if that advertisment is directed towards young children between the age of two to five? How could a child not be lurged into wanting something that it does not have? In my opinion television advertising should not be allowed at all.
The things a three year old child wants is either what his friend has what he does not have or what the child sees on television. The purpose of letting their children watch TV if simply the occupation. The parents want their children to be occupied during a period of time. They set them in front of the TV so the mother or the father can do something during that time. The problem is that often the child is not being supervised. If the television programm is interrupted by an advertising the parents or an other supervisor does not have controll anymore of what is shown on TV. Now if the child sees one of those advertisments over and over again why should he or she not want the product? And exactly that is wrong with creating advertising directed toward children. For example picture this scenario. The four year old Ben is watching his favourite programm on television about Micky Mouse. That programm then is interrupted by a 40 second advertisment about a whole Micky Mouse Set, including a backpack, a jacket and some Micky Mouse shoes that light in the dark. Now the whole set costs over 40 Francs. Ben does not have a knowledge of how much 40 francs is. When the advertisment ends the programm continues but Ben was so focused on that advertisment that when his favourite programm ends, that Micky Mouse Set is all Ben ever thinks about. And because that advertisment is then being shown over and over again, all the four year old Ben ever wants is that set, even if the family might not even be able to afford it.

Advertisment directed toward young children is simply wrong. A young child aged two to five does not know what he really wants. Advertising plays with their minds and lurge parents into buying things that their child does not even need. That is wrong.






The parents are obviously the ones that decide whether they should buy something or not. 