I think it depends on the subject of the television advertising. Some of them are not good for young childrend between two and five years and others are also not really bad for the younger people.
Most of young children watch television at 5 o' clock in the evening. They want to watch for example Micky Mouse or another short film for children. So I think the chanel should do not show worse advertising. But it has chanel they show advertising, which I find not good, during the morning or lunch, when children watch television. It is a possibility that we say, that this chanel must change their advertising during the day.
In the evening or night more eldery people watch television. Then I think the chanel can show every advertising which they want. Because most of them people are more than eightteen years old for example and they have not a problem with this sort of advertising. If they have one, they can change the chanel and watch another television programm. Many children between two and five years cannot change the television programm by themselve. An older person must help them. Now a short description of a situation: A mother of two young childrens cooks the dinner. Durning the time she is in the kitchen, her childrens watch television in the living room. The mother have not the time to look every minute after her children what they watch in the television. And the children are also unable to change the programm by themselve, when the chanel show some bad things. When a older person find something bad, they change the chanel after short time and that is it. 
The parents should can be sure, that their children watch normal things in the television. So it is important the the television programm shows normal advertising. And not for example women or men which wear not anything. I think an advertising of Haribo or Barbie for example are not bad. Because that are things or toys which the children know. Some of them also play with these toys, which  are showed by the television advertising. So that is not a problem. Of course it has children they want a specific toy or something else they have seen in the television. But that is a problem of their parents. The parents should say no to their childre, when they want have something.
In the end I think it depends really of the subject what the television programm shows. But advertising like Barbie, Haribo, Playmobile, Lego,... are not a problem I think. That are things for children. And also many children plays with these sort of things durning their free time.
