Today, television advertising is something completely normal. But some of them make you shake your head. Especially advertising directed toward young children is often discussed. So is this really that questionable as some people think?

When I was a young child, I oftem watched television in the morning. Of course I also watched some advertises, which sometimes actually influenced me. When I saw a cool toy in television, I wanted to play with this toy and when I saw nice looking new cornflakes, I wanted my mother to buy them. So in this case you could say that it's pretty mean to try and sell such things to young children, who are often very influenceable.
To protect the companies, which are doing this commercials, you could say that they somehow have to bring their products to their clients. If their clients are young children, they have to broadcast advertises for young children.
What could be discussed is to forbid all advertises, because there are also a lot of adults who get influenced by them. But that's another subject to talk about.
Adults somehow still come to discussion, namely when it comes to the parents of the young children. Parents are in my opinion, the most important factor in this discussion. Television can influence the children as much as it's possible, but if the parents say no to the children and teach them right, I don't think it should be a problem. If the parents don't just buy everything their little sunshine has seen in the television, the advertises wouldn't be that successful and would maybe even stop by themselves. It's also about the parents, how much television the child is allowed to watch. If the children just watch television the whole day and do nothing else, of course they get influenced and are the companies or the parents to blame in that case? I think the bad parents are to blame. So the question shouldn't be, if it's allowed to bring television advertising to young children, it should be if it's allowed to bring televison advertising to young children whose parents can't raise them right.

All in all I don't think it's a problem that there are advertises, which are directed to young children, since it's the companies right to try and sell their produts, as long as the parents can control their children and what they buy them.

 