In my opinon television advertising shouldn't be forbidden, in the first part of the text I will speak about advertising in form of spots/scenes and secondly about advertising in shows hidden.
First we have to look at the television of the kids. Kids usually have their own sender, where they watch their shows and movies. So they advertising on this sender is mostly about toys and food, which doesn't harm their psychis like for example an advertising for a stripper webside. Of course the kids will be somehow influenced by the advertising and they probably want to buy the showed product, but in age 2 to 5 they don't own money and it's still the decision of the parents if they buy it or not. Secondly the advertising doesn't say what is bad and only says what is good so the kids don't think for example "I don't buy schokolade because the haribo advertising says it's bad". So the advertising doesn't give them (vorurteile) about stuff.
I don't understand why television advertising should be forbidden, I mean in a supermarket are also big signs with advertising and it isn't forbidden. 
And another point is that a lot of kids don't even watch television advertising, my 3 years old brother just switches the sender when advertising comes on. 
In my opinion it clearly shouldn't be forbidden as long it doesn't change the kids opinion about major topics. Televison advertising for older groups of childs is much more a problem because they have money and they will spend it on stupid stuff just because it comes in the television. 

Now, we come to the advertising in the shows itself. Like the main character who always drinks coke or eat pizza. This is a bigger problem because the kids associate the good opinion about the character with the product. For example the hero, which always drinks coke before a battle because it makes him stronger. The result is that the kids will drink a coke and then they feel themself stronger. This is bad because coke is not good for health and so it makes a wrong image of it. It shouldn't be forbidden, but marked or said that like in the example coke damage your teeth or something like that. (coke = coca cola)
