I agree beacause television advertising for young children is bad because very young children are very manipulative, and if they see something they want you can hardly get that out of their mind, also they don't own money neither they think about money, so they don't care how much a toy is. In my opinion Television is anyways a bad place for very young children. So i think we should lower the time that children watch TV anyways.
Television can be very inappropriet for children. There are some exceptions in my opinion. For example if childrens are watched by the parents or any other adults, so they can safe them from the inappropriet stuff, but can let them watch the series and films who are made for kids. 
If kids watch Television they often come threw pictures or videos that aren't made for young eyes. For example there are often naked girls in late night TV shows, but they aren't able to watch that because most of the times they go asleep early anyways. But also over the day there are often disturbig videos and pictures seen, for example of injured people. Alot of TV's nowaday have child safety, so if you set that up and put the TV in safety mode your children can watch good series on their own without the fear that so that can eliminate that problem ready.
Back to the main subject. Adveristising companys see easy money in children and they proberly are in fact right. If childrens see something they want parents often have to give in and go buy it for them. But as soon as they bought it, the children have already seen another toy they want. Children also believe everything thats said in the adversitisement and they don't listen to the parents who tell them that it's a lie. 
In conclusion for the help of parents and to eliminate taking kids as victims of adversitising it think we should at least smaller the adversitiesments direct towards the chilren. Also parents should lower the time kids watch TV anyways, because television often is a very inappropriet place for them.