So, I think it's save to assume that small children that haven't even reached the age of six aren't even remotely as accustomed to our influential world, especially when talking about how advertisement and other simmilar means aiming to make profit try to manipulate the consumer. So my first thought would be to say that it's really a good thing to not allow big companies to manipulate children. But then again you have to start wondering. If a child really, really wants something badly, what does it do? I mean, small children don't have any money. They don't go into the next toy store to by the newest play set. No, they go and ask their parents to by it for them. And that's the important point for me. Yeah, children are easy to manipulate, but it doesn't help the company to gain any profit as long as the child's parents don't by what was shown in the advertisement. So in my opinion it's not the "evil television" or "greedy companies" that are the problem, but instead it's bad parents. The child didn't decide to by something because the child can't decide to do so. The parents are the ones who in the end go into a store and get the object in question, so it's also the parents' responsibility to make sure that they don't by something that, in their opinion, is not something their child should possess. It's not the advertiser that's to blame here but they. Now some people might argue that while a child won't be able to by something for themselves they can still scream, cry, fight, and generaly make their parents' live hell. And then again,I don't think that's something the advertiser should be blamed for. The parents have to make sure their child is raised in a way that teaches them propper maners, and while every child will probably try to get something by being loud at least once they have to be taught that this is not hiw live works. You can't and you won't get everything you want right away, possibly you won't ever get what you want. 

And if where honest, in the end we are not better suited to face daily manipulation than young children are. Countless examples prove that. wedding rings for example are present in the live of practically every married couple, at least in countries with a manely christian population. But wedding rings started off as nothing more but advertisement by the diamond and yewelry market. And I don't even want to start talking about war propaganda. It's the darkest and, sadly, most successful kind of advertisement that I can imagine and has led people to fight to the death against what they thought was satan himself, but what would have turned out to be just another country with a slightly different culture.

So in the end I think that advertisement aimed at young children should be allowed. It won't ruin the child's live and it's the parents' duty to make sure the child is prepared to face advertisement in the future. 

And just because it's an interresting point to make I want to add a little bit more here. It might be true that general advertisment towards children isn't bad, but what might be bad, at least in my oppinion, is advertisement dedicated towards a certain gender. Because I think that that's one of the main reason for bullying. Anybody should be allowed to like whatever they like and if a boy likea barbies then why should the media tell him not to like them. And even worse, why should the media tell his school friends that that's not normal. But I also know that this is a utopia. something that can and will never happen. Advertisement is supposed to be effective and that can only be true if it's also aimed at a certain demografic. In the end I guess that this is a problem that won't be solved by society and it's once again important that parents support their child however they can. 

So I guess this concludes my text. The parents have to look after their children, not the media.