Nowadays, many advertisments on television feature cute toys, aiming to attract young children to want them. Because these children are usually at a very young age, it is discussed whether to ban these ads or not.

Many parents know the struggle of their kid seeing something quite expensive and useless on TV, like a flying barby-doll or a self-destructing car. The kids might be sad if their parents decide not to give these items to them. They might even become angry at them, throwing a tantrum if they want something really bad. This is not just bad for the atmosphere in the family itself, but could also affect the childs mental health, if they feel like they never ever get what they want the most.

On the other hand, if the kids stay nice and quiet, they might have the chance to get the thing they want for christmas. Without the ad about it on television, they maybe would have never known that this special thing existed in the first place, and if the parents decide to give it to them for birthday or christmans, the child will be very happy.

One cannot forget though, that children aged two to five may not have a sense for rational thinking or are conscious about money's worth at all, so they might see some completely useless and easily breakable item on TV, which they then want to have for christmas. And if they parents don't look up details about that item and just trust their child because it makes it happy, the child might end up with a broken toy, which will make them even more sad.

By far the best point to make is that no matter what the child wants, no matter how sad it will get, everything is always up to the parents. If they decide not to buy something, their kid will just forget about it after a while (we've all been there) and everything's just fine. And if the parents have a lot of money and don't care about what they buy in the first place, why not show these children some cool toys on TV to make them happy?

Concluding, I'd say that ads aimed towards young children shouldn't be banned, because as one can see, really no matter what, it's always up to the parents. If the kids throw a tantrum, they'll get over it sooner or later. The ads are perhaps the best way to get to know new products, and I think the children deserve to sometimes (not always!) get what they want, even if it is not the best thing to buy. This way, they can also learn from it and maybe develop a sense for what's good and what's not, so they can better decide what to buy for themselves when they're older.
 