Every time we turn on the television we can watch a lot of interesting films, but also a lot of advertisments. These are influenicing us in every age, especially when we are young. Children, who are aged two to five, are in a period of life where they learn a lot of things which they need for their further life and it's not that unusual that they ask questions beginning with "why". So I'm going to talk about the question if television advertising toward young children should be allowed or not. 
Young children can be influenced easily. Many of us remember the series we liked as a child, but also the other things we saw in television. So when we saw something we liked, we wanted to see more and wanted to have it. So it's not a surprise that the toys we saw in the advertisments were laying under the tree on christmas or were given to us on our birthdays. Children want to have many things they see, even more when they are looking exciting and interesting and many parents want to give them what they want to make them happy or just to stop them being annoying and exhausting. The advertisments are manipulation the children by attract their interesting and showing the product as a great and exciting thing which it needs to have. For this reason I'd forbid advertisments for children in a young age. But one the other hand the parents still have to decide what they are going to buy and even if they are letting them watch television. 
Especially around christmas are toys advertised very much, because the people need presents for their families and friends and when a child see toys and books and computer games everywhere it's not surprising that asks it's parents for more than one christmas present. This time is very good for the economy. 
Summarized I can say that young children can be influenced easily by advertisments, so they want to have more and more. But on the other hand the parents are still deciding what they are going buy and if they are letting them watch television at all and in the most cases the children have to accept their decision. Also it's good for the economy if they are buying toys and other stuff for their children. For this reason I disagree with the statement.