I agree with the following statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed".
Young children must not the advertising while they are watching a movie or something like this. It is not good when young children watch too much television.
So without advertising the movie is not so long and the kids can play outside. For example: the child watch always television and is in the house it can get ill because the body is not so strong when a disease is in school or childgarden. In the garden they can get stronger! Often the advertising is full of crap from electronical stuff like a flying Barbie or something lika that. When they watch television and there comes an advertising they see something and the parents have to say: no you can`t get it. But it can be useful if young children have no idea for birthday or chrismas. So they can inspire their selfe with the advertising. Any child know this. Chrismas is coming but their is no idea. So they can watch one hour television and then they now many things. But only children who are older than four should do this. For younger children television is not good. It is okay when they see a little passage from a movie but not longer than ten minutes, without advertising! Later they get bored from adverts and eat some chips in the break because they don`t enjoy the advertising and they become too fat. In my opinion too much television or advertising is bad for young children. They become stupid and want all things from advertising. Later in school they want watching always television and all the things from the advertising and they get bad marks at school. So it is important to regulate the time sitting in front of the TV and watching adverts. While their is advertising the parent have to talk with their children. The advertising in television should be regulate from the people who make the TV-program. The best way is when the parents regulate the watching time and also what they watch! Not too much advertising!