At some point i think of young children and if Television advertising is allowed to them. It is a very specific question. I think that it is different. Maybe they have to watch their own television. So that they don´t have to watch some movies whitch are for children at the age of 12. 
There must be some movies for kids in which they coulod learn something. And not that they have to watch molvies in which words were said which they don´t have to hear. 
But if you say that this isn´t allowed to young children from 2 to 5 they weren´t learn something from other kids. 
Maybe television is important to young children because they can learn something and get comfortable for the school which includes 10 to 13 years.
Maybe you can do movies in which the kids learn to read or to think of interesting thinks which they never heard before. 
But if you say that kids between 2 to 5 shouldn´t watch TV and it isn´t allowed they must play at their own and never learn something before going to school. And if they don´t learn something by using the TV you have to look what you can do.
Maybe you must learn with them or they must play with other kids. 
But if you do movies in which kids learn something, parents has freetime of them and can do what they want. And the biggest point is that kids learn to think of something and if they were fit for school they didn´t have a big school probleme. 
The Education of young people is very important for the world because the politics were in 20 years not on the top so young people must get fit and go on top.

Without television in our time kids wouldn´t be interested in politics or sports. Television shows them how interesting the life could be and how interesting sports or politics can be. Kids could learn whith TV what they like and what they want to be in 20 years. 

I think TV should be allowed for young children between 2 to 5 because they should learn in what they are interested and in what not. If you watch TV you can learn many by asking your parents or something else.