In the following essay I´m going to give you my opinion about the question if television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. 

I think it should be allowed, if an adult controls it, because there are lots of serials extra for children, where they can learn words or can train there logical thinking. Also it makes them a lot of fun and the serials are extra created for children, so there isn´t any kind of for example sexual content. There is this serial named "Dora", where Dora and her equipment, that can speak, help her friends. In this serial the children learn new words and to think logical. So it´s quiet good for the children to watch this serial. 
But which children says "I don´t want to see reality tv, I want to watch Dora."? In my opoinion the children always want what they aren´t allowed to. So when the parents turn on the TV, or the child on his/her own, they switch the channel to a channel, where something like reality or music videos. This kind of content isn´t good for children, because there are lots of sexual and rude things. Also the carakters in reality TV don´t have such a good behavior and if the children watch these shows they can start to behave like that. Well, I don´t think  that somebody wants to behave their child like that. 

To pretend this the parents can control what their children watch in the television. They can always have the thing to control the TV, so the childrens can´t turn the TV on. When the parents allow their children tp watch the TV, the parents can turn the TV on, switch to the right channel with a serial for children and take the thing to control the TV with them. 

Nevertheless the parents have to look at how long the child is watching the TV, becuase when they watch it for too long, they could get a headache. Also it 
good for the less. 

I think television advertising towards children is okay,  as long as it´s controlled by the parents, so they only watch serials which are made extra for children. 