I can't agree or disagree completly with the statement: "Television advertising dirceted toward young children should not be allowed". At first why I'm in certain parts agree with the statement. For little childrin, flashing lights and loud sound can be very disturbing, bescause their brain can't handle it at the same time. So, it is not very healthy for them and doesn't have an learn effect either. To make your child calm down or be distracted you shouldn't place it infront of a Tv. You as a parent should interact with your child and teach him or her ceratin things, the television is not made for raising your child, which some parents think because there are a lot of teaching shows for different things. It also can ahve the sideeffect that the child has to much energy left when it sat infront of a TV for quiet some time. Well try to put a small child with to much energy to bed, you will fail constantly. Now the points why I also disagree with this statement. It depends on wich schow you watch with your child or if you watch the show together with your child and at which time. When your child is very young loud shows with flashing lights should not be watched, insted look for something calm, so your child won't be hyped up again. It is now problem to watch after your child had a long day maybe at kindergarden, if the show dosen't have certain effects, it won't bother your child too much and will even make it sleepy. It also is no problem if you have rules for TV watching, 30 minutes a day are enough for a small child. If you don't overdo it with the TV watching it also won't become something your child needs to calm down. But still in both ways childrin should be outside a lot, espacially in their young age because the have energy which needs to go somewhere. In my opinion it is okay to watch TV with your child, but only for a limit time like 30 minutes a day and than only one show, without attention keeping effects like flashing lights. It is no problem that there are a lot of shows for young childrin only you as a parent can decide what your child well see or won't see. So it also depends on you how much television you bring into your child's life because you and only you decide what's the best for your own child. Still the television shouldn't replace your role as a parent to raise and teach your child. 