Young children believe everything they see on this big, bright screen. People can fly, animals can speak and you can buy everything. Television advertising makes them believe that and it has a big influence on them. Thinking they can have whatever they want is dangerous. Having a too high self-esteem as a child is often normal, but not always good. Being selfish and arrogant towards other children is a consequence which makes them an outsider and sometimes bullied. Having a high self-esteem is good, but being arrogant isn't. 
But television advertising makes children see, what they want and what they wish for. It makes them wanting to achieve their goals or maybe just write a wish list. Crying until the parents will buy it, can't be the main problem. 
The topic television for children is a difficult one. How much are they allowed to watch and how much is too much? Getting children involved with advertising and the whole marketing isn't always good. They're innocent children, too young to know what's the truth and what's a lie. The marketing business is tough. People are doing everything to make their product seem great and perfect, even though it isn't. Children can't see the difference.
Advertising is influencing the opinions of children, because believing what is said on television is easy. If somebody one television says, bananas are toxic, they probably would believe it and not eat bananas anymore. Advertises with dangerous videos, like bungee jumping or jumping off a house are influencing children. They think it's okay to jump off a house and be fine after it, because somebody did it on tv. The sentence "Don't try this at home." won't help. They won't read or overhear it and want to try it too.
Seeing so many different and exciting products makes children want everything, even though they don't even know, what they really want. It makes them confused and believing, that they want all of it. That's one of the influences and manipulations.
Children learn to get their own opinion. They learn to see every aspect of something and then think about it. But when they're so young, they can't do that, so they shouldn't be influenced like that. I think television advertising shouldn't be directed toward young children, because they often don't know how to handle this information. Especially advertises with dangerous content should be banned and not allowed. Making children believe it's okay to jump off a house is dangerous and can hurt or even kill them. It isn't fair to manipulate young people, who have almost no wisdom. Forcing them to believe everything, isn't fair and managers or other people who produce these advertises know that.