Television advertisment is more focused on small children aged two to five. Some people discuss about how good this could be for our children.
People always complained about how brutal television gets. But advertisment should be attractive for the children this age. So the advertisment is clearly structured to be harmless, they are rather cute. For example McDonalds advertise with a funny clown, a lot of other happy children and small toys in their Happy Meal, that is a special thing just for children. 
Their goal is achieved when the children gets attractiv to McDonalds, they want to go there. The next step is that they run to their parents and ask them to go there. Some parents say "yes" in two seconds, other do not think that McDonalds is that attractive. But they take their children there in the moment they begin to force and annoy them because they want a Happy Meal and a meeting with the clown. This is of course good for McDonalds and also good for the parents because they do not have to spend time in the kitchen to cook a meal that the child probably does not like.
So they go to McDonalds. But here wait more negativ facts that positive: 
You have to pay money for a small meal and after two hours, the child is hungry again because the meal got more calories and chemicals than a healthy meal that stops the feeling of being hungry for more than 4 hours.
Parents should care more about their children and they should raise them right. When childern know they can easily force their parents to take them to a place that is not good for them, the parents did not do their job to raise the children well. 
Actually it is not fair to focuse advertisment on children aged two to five. They are like just new born babys, they do not know anything about the world and its dark secrets. They just can not handle the situation the advertisment gave them.
All in one children also should pay more attention on playing outside or with toys in their room with playmates or also their parents. It is a bad sign when parrents leave their babys alone in front of the TV. They also need to pay more attention on the surrounding of its child.
I agree with the statement that advertisment that is directed toward young children should not be allowed  because children can not handle the situation and parents just leave them alone. If you want to have children you should spend time to  show them the world on your own. You do not need advertisment to show them that McDonalds has got a clown. When you take your child outside for a walk, it gets fresh air, it moves and it also can see that there is a clown in froint of this restaurant. But then they do not connect it with having a meal in there. In some ways the advertiser just want to get through the children to their parents, because they are the only one who got the money and who is able to take the children to its place. Children are just a bridge to the other side, to the side of the parents.