The following text is going to discuss wheter it should be allowed to direct advertising on TV towards young children. 
Children in the age between two and five years are easy to manipulate. An example for that is the fact, that children who come from a family that smokes, are more likely to start smoking in the future as well. If we take the side of the companies, it is easy to find good arguments for advertising products by manipulating small children. They will see things they like on television and are going to tell their parents that they want them as well. As a result, children are going to have a lot higher standarts towards presents and other things similiar to presents. Either they get them right away and develop a thinking that they can get what they want just by asking their parents often enough, or they get mad at their parents for not buying these products, maybe because one other child has it. Furthermore, children should not be watching a lot of television in this age as well. It is a fact that children who are watching a lot of television in their childhood are more likely to get a bad eyesight earlier than usual, and it has other negative effects ,concerning development of the body, as well. 
In my oppinion it should not be allowed to direct advertisements at children between two and five years, not mentioning the fact that children are not supposed to be watching a lot of television in these years anyway, because it is an unfair way of manipulating human beings into the habit of consuming and buying everything they like, even in young years. Parents should take care of what their children are watching on TV, if they let them watch television at all. Children should be outside as much as possible when they are young, and not waste their time inside watching brainless series on TV and buying some toys full of toxic ingredients. However, as a company you can advertise as much as you want, and direct it to the people you want to direct it to. Even though it should not be allowed, there will probably never be a law which is going to stop companies from doing that. 