In the private channels exist a lot of movies for very young children and as well a lot of advertisements. In this eesay I will answer the question wether this should or should not be allowed.
On the one hand, adverisements for young children are no good idea because they are unable to way up the advantages and disadvantages of the product and simply want to have it, even if they do not need it. The companies use the simple brains of the young children to make them think of their products. But on the other hand these children have not the money to buy the products they want and so they need their parents money (And until the age of five I got no pocket money). With this step the problematic becomes much smaller because the child´s parents should be able to decide whether this advertised product is necessary or not. And if they are not one will have to forbid all advertisements. 
Another advantage is that the young children are the customers of tomorrow and with the advertisemnets they get an overview about the varieties of toys, sweets or games in our modern world. And if you are realistic they will always have to deal with adevertisement, so why not start in their early childhood?
Furthermore I think that the adds are not really for the children. The companies try to influence the parents if they use the direct speech from television to child and want to make the parents think about spending money for this product wich seems to be directly made for their child because the television says so (Many humans are really naiv).
The only real disadvantage is the "stolen time" when the children have to watch the advertisement until they can continue watching their movie, episode or whatever. But this problem counts also for adults, so it does not support the cons.
Finally, as long as there is no real risk, we live in a free country and should not simply regulate everything becaues we can and even if there is a risk, it will not happen because the economies influence would stop every law to this issue because they have to be able to earn more money
So I think we should not forbid advertisements for young children because it does not make problems because the children have no  money and it even helps them to see the possibilities in stores and to think about their real wishes. And like explained at the end the question has no sense becauese nothing wwill ch