Two young kids are sitting on the couch and watching TV. The mother of the children is cooking meal in the kitchen. 
One second later the kids are running into the kitchen and shouting: ´Mum! Mum! Mum please! Can we have the new fantastic robot who can clean our rooms and brushes our teeths?`.

When we talk about television advertising we think at boring and wasted time between our great movie or series, but in reality television advertising is a psyche manupulation. Especially for young children who trust mostly everything and everyone. 

A study is saying that people connect for example with coca cola only the things like santa claus or the cola truck and this only because of the cola advertising everywhere. This makes clear that also when we do not know advertising has a huge influence of everyone.

Especially young children who trust only at the best seeing the advertising and will trust it. They think that everything the advertising is saying is true. 
They do not have the education to see the wrong sides of the advertising like the most of the people. 

There is something good at the television advertising. The first thing is that the children learn from their parents that they do not can trust everything. The second thing is that when the advertising would say the truth it would be a nice way to tell their parents what they would like to have to birthday or what they wish from santa claus.

Television advertising is good for factorys and (unternehmer) to sell their products etc. It is a important part of the economy of the world.

I think television advertising do not need to be not allowed (verboten), but maybe some rules for it would be better like saying the truth.
When television advertising directed toward young children because of their level and education than also all the other television advertising need to be (verboten). Because in every age are stupid people who trust the advertising. No matter how silly they are.
And the young children have lessly theit parents who will bring them on the right way. 

the time is so short.. 
