I don't think that television advertising toward young children should be allowed. Young children want everything that looks ,,fun". Girls want everything that is pink and boys probably everthing with cars or dinosaurs. And when they get it they play with it one time and then never use it again. It's just money making for the big companies. It's like when you go into a supermarket: all the sweet stuff is in the lower shelfs where small children can see it and THEY WANT IT. But then; what for a difference does it make if you see television advertising when your five or fifteen? If you think it's cool and your birthday is near you are probably going to get it. 
I think the parents should be asked if television advertising should not be allowed, 'cause I don't look tely anyway.
Little children shouldn't be watching television at all. It's not healthy and they will not learn all the important stuff they will need in life. They should go playing with there friends. Outside. That would be much healthier for them and for nature. 
But when children watch tely they are usually quite. Their parents have some free or at least quite time to chill out a little. I mean our parents are doing a major job with use as their children and they are not getting paid for it, they actually have to pay! For nearly everything their children do, the parents have to pay in some way.

Okay, back to the topic: television advertising directed toward young children.... I don't have another argument against it and I don't think that there is a really good one FOR it. Not out of sight of the parents. The companies that pay for the advertising, they have arguments for it. I mean, they somehow have to make money. And children are the most expensive thing one can have, because unless they die before their parents, they are there all the time! You can't just get rid of them. Well you can, but you shouldn't. Somebody (the children, the prison) will never forgive you. 

My closing word: the parents have to decide what is best for their chidren, they are their responsebility.