The topic if telivision advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed is in the modern age of technic important and because of the fact that young children are more and more likely to watch television including advertisement it's imortant to think about this topic. The main question is how high is the impact of advertisement on little children and should advertising directly towards them be forbidden.

Starting of with an argument for the topic the question is if young children are influenced by advertisement in the television. And after thinking about the facts that young children are mentally not as good as older children and do not critizise or questioning things they see in the television it's likely that they will be influenced by advertising a lot. After watching an advertisements younger children could be highly influenced for example with advertisement of a candyfactory and now they do not think critic about candy anymore.
But on the other hand children aged between two and five can not buy themselves things or are able to do their own decisions. There are always their parents which should teach their children that candy isn't good for their theeth or that always having the newest stuff isn't important in life. That is the job of the parents, so they should take care of their children and teach them how to think about advertisement and avoid an impact on the behavour of their children.
But taking a closer look on this argument you can easily see, if the parents do a bad job at teaching their children their kids get quickly influenced by advertisement, especially from advertisement directed towards them. Little children quickly believe what they see and watching advertisements which are saying ,,You need to buy our new product otherwise you will be uncool'' or ,,if you don't buy our newest stuff other kids won't like to play with you'' will quickly have a high impact on these kids. At least the half of the kids will start thinking the same. So maybe they will starting interacting like in the advertisements. Always ask their parents to buy the newest stuff or stop playing with kids in their age which do not have these new things.

All in all the topic if television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed is difficult to anwer but on my opinion i think these kinds of advertising shouldn't be allowed. The main reason is the on my oppinion too high impact on the little children which could lead to social problems. 