Television advertising directed to children aged two to five years is a theme which is important in our century. Many kids watch TV. Sometimes with older brother ore sisters but also some children get an television for them selfes. This is not the problem. But when they watch TV automatically advertisions are directed to them. Like toy advertistions ore advertisions for a new holiday park. 

What is good on the advertisions is, that they could give the kids new inspiration for wishes, ore things they would like to do. Also they can take a short break from watching TV to go in to the bathroom to make themselfes ready for sleeping ore they can loose their will to watch TV when there is always a short break in between there series ore film. 

Advertising is allowed so children know what it is and what the will from the producers is. But children from two to five are maybe to small to get the right message, which the advertise produces. It can be completely incorrect in understanding ore the children get to know things which the shouldnt. Parents have no influence which advertise their kids see, and which not. 

For example a kid wich is two years old sees an advertise which is directed to children who are aged five. The smaller kid thinks about the advertise and maybe it was an holiday park were kids under five are not allowed. In this case the message is wrong for the two year old kid but it has seen it already. This is one example how the children can missunderstood the messages which these advertise produce.

In my opinion advertising directed to kids aged two to five should be not allowed. There are to many things in the world which the can explore themselfes. They dont need advertises after every series they watch. Especially because they mostly did not watch so much television that they see advertisions. Mostly they watch one series ore film and when the film is over the parents turn off the TV and so they did not watch the advertise, which starts in normal case, right after it. 