The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (age two to five) should not be allowed." is understandable, but in my opinion a little bit too extrem and unrealistic.
Young people and kids are really easy to influence by informationce from the outcome. They will believe everything what they see and hear, so they also believe everything what is said in television advertinsing. This could be a big problem, because it's familiar that statements in advertising aren't true or just a part of it is.
If children see this, they believethat the advertising is true and this could be lead to a problematic world sight or wrong believs.
But in general, I think it's not the task of the government to solve this problem and forbit special advertising. 
It's the task of the parents of the young children to protect them from information, that aren't good for them or what they just can't understand yet.
Another point, which is a problem with the statement above, is the actual usage in the reality.
How can the governemnt or the television program know, if there are kids in front of the TV or not? And how should they filter their advertising? Of course an advertising for choclate or other sweets is problematic, because children shouldn't be attached to want and eat this stuff, but it's not quiet dangerous.
And also the company who want to sell, for example, the sweets could have a problem with this rule.
For them kids are a really important part of their selling. Kids see the funny and colorful advertising and now they run to their parents to tell the about these sweets. It gets bought.
It's also problemtic, that the stament is only about 'TV advertising'. Kids in the age of five often have the first contact with iPads and the internet. There the advertising can't be regulated. So where is the sense of regulating the advertising in the television but not in the internet or in the radio?
In my opinion advertising should be getting proved everywhere and for every age. Also teenagers are easy to influence and people who didn't have this contact with the lies of the advertising aren't protected. 
But there is the next problem? Forbit the advertising of sweets because of the sugar? Forbit the advertising of CocaCola and RedBull because of the coffeine?
Forbit the advertising of meat because the animals get slaughtered with an unhuman cruelty? Forbit the advertising of hair shampoo because youtr hair will never look like it, even if you are gonna use it daily?
How it seemes it's not possible to protect our society and exspecially our children from advertising and the following lies.
So conclusioned it have to be said that the statement above is not practicable useful, and the only way to reach the goal of the author of this stament is to tell and explain the tricks of the advertiser to the children.
So there should be an advertising in the television where young mothers and fathers and teachers are lead to talk to their children.
