Watching Television is quite normal in our modern world. Almost everybody does it and many love it. But many people hate advertisements. They destroy the whole scenerie of a good film we are watching an most likely show things we really do not need. But especially young kids watch TV these days and they get overrun with advertisements concipated just for them.
The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed." is a really controverse topic which is often discussed. 
This is a very difficult question if this should be allowed or ist should not and I think there are many arguments that support this these but also some against it. In the following text I will discuss at least a few of them. 
One argument that is against the statement is that many companies would not sell any products for children they produce if they would not advertise it in the TV. Children in this age do not go into a shopping mall and buy their stuff at it. They tell her parents what they want to have and most likely they see it on the TV, the advertisements are one of the few ways for companies to sell their products. 
An argument that supports the these is that really young children are easy to manipulate and that might happen if they watch advertisements on the TV. They do not have an own opinion and they witch it really fast an support everything that is shown to them. Especially ads that directly go towards the children is really dangerous in this case. They can get manipulated so they could support things which are bad for themselves for example.
Another good example for the advertisements is that they could do the complete opposite of the argument I just mentioned. They could inform the children or teach them some things they need for the future. The advertising would be used for a good cause so to say.
TV advertising could cause many troubles if it is abused and it could "force" the young children to sit in front of the TV the whole day. They would not do anything else. Another point is that some kids would be angry if they do not get the things they wanted to get. This could be horrible for the parents who have to deal with the children after this.
In my opinion the advertisements in TV should stop. Especially for young children. This power is abused too often for example with manipulating the children. They get a totally wrong "picture" of the world and the other people and might be forced to sit in front of the TV the whole day just because of the advertisements they watched and still watch. The arguments that count for advertisements in TV are far too small. They could never get bigger than the arguments that support the statement.