Television is in our society a big topic since every human use the telescreen in the evening to relax and to get entertained. But should children, aged two or five, also use these advertisment? 
On the one hand it is easier for parents to controle there children in the public or at home when silence is needed. The children are fascinated by the televisoin programms while the parents are able to relax and have some freetime after work without loud children noises who want attention. 
Furthermore children could learn somethink from the children programm, which often try to teach the children counting or writing in an funny way. Accordingly they are able to have fun and get entertained but also learn school stoff. 
But on the other hand parents should try to have as much contact with there children as possible to reach a very deep relationship between them and there kids. Furthermore the parents had to support social contact with other children so the kids are able to learn and get comfortable with social rules an the right behavior. An other negative point is that children would sit too much infont of the television an consequently will play less outside. The Movement, which children does outside, as well as the creative ,which is used to invent new games to prevent to get bored, are lost. But the biggest and most worse Problem and consequense of television programm for children is that the risk for an bad impact, made by programm which ist only for older people coud made some deeply fearful impact on childrens behavior. 
Consecently televisoin for children is not good because of the negative consequenses. For the moment it coudl make the parents life more easier but in the future it would have an negative impact on children. The risk television brings withit are too high as we coudl ignore them. Accordingly I agree with the statement that television advertising toward young children should not be allowed. This would prevent a lot of mistakes in the growing up process from children, which are mostly caused sice parents does not know such informations.  