There is a rumore that young children will get stupid if they watch to much television advertising. The question is ,,Is that true''?

Young children are heavily effected by advertisments on the Television if it comes to what kind of toy they want to have. If they see a giant alien toy they want to have it. So it is very important for companys to have this kind of connection to young children. But maybe it is not that good for the childen, maybe they will get stupid. I think this is only a rumore. It is not official that advertisments damages your children. I think this rumore just came up because parents think that there kids are watching far to much TV. If it is sure that Television advertising leads to damage for our childrean I think it should not be allowed but by know I think this is no reason to not allowe advertising. This is also because of personal reasons I have a friend who never had a TV so he could never watch any kind of advertisiment. I had an TV so I watched advertisments all day long and I can not see any difference between use. We both go to the same school and I even have better grades then him. I know this is maybe mot the normal case but in my opinion advertising does not effect young childrean in any bad way. Some advertsiments may be to brutal for young children but I think parents should have a look on what their kids are watching because only they know what is good for them in this age because every children is different.

So in my opinion advertising should be allowed also direct toward young childrean because I think it does not effect young children in any bad way. Only if it is sure that young childrean are effected by advertisments in a bad way it should not be allowed.

Ps. I think this topic is not that good because we never had this kind of topic in any of our lessons and never thought about it in our free time because it does not affect use in any way so I do not have that many arguments for both sides maybe a topic about school would be much better.