The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed" is a statement which can everybody see different so there is never the right answer. 
To be able to undersand the shows in television, the children have to know many vocabularys and their meaning, because if not, the children cannot understand the show so there is no sence to watch it. With the help of the shows,  children can get new ideas to do with their friends and they can try new things because they saw it in the telivision. 
But at the other hand, there are big dangers to let the young children watch television. If they only sit infront of the television, they cannot be cerative anymore, because the television tells something, they belive in it and do not discover anything for themself. The day is only to watch television and they do not want to go outside anymore because they think it is boring outside, but it isn't, they only do not have the cretivity to discover interesting things outside. 
If they only watch television, they do not meet friends or other children so the relationship between other children is demaged what is a big problem for the future. To play with other children in this young age is one of the most important things in their live because it is one part of your future. The evolution of the children  (Entwicklung eines Kindes) could be stopped or not fulfilled, because they cannot (entwickeln) themself only  sitting infront of the television.

As conclusion my opinion is clear. I think there are so many other possibilitys to waste the time in the childhood and not watch television. It is very important to learn how to be social or how dicover something or to fight with other kids. It is all a part of the evolution of children an if this evolution is damaged because of the television, the future can also be damaged because they do not know practical things in live, they only know who is the aunt of the best friend of the mainfigure in their favourite television show what is not very important to know in live.