In the following statement I'm going to discuss whether television advertising towards young children should be forbidden or not. 
It's getting earlier and earlier that  young children are confronted with media and especially the TV. So why shouldn't there be advertises directed to this group? 

The children would surely be happy about advertises that are made for them and they could perhaps identify with the acting persons on TV. And it is possible as well that these children could find some heroes in these advertisements who are now important persons for them and maybe an aim to be like them.

Another point is that advertises are made for each age, for adults, for seniors, for teenagers. This could be interpreted as something which is not just in comparison to the other ages. But in my opinion these children are much too young for this sort of media or visualisation- they just don't understand the meaning and are confused. And my imagination of a good childhood is definitely different than amusing with TV advertising. These children should play on the playground, go outside to grow up correctly. It is important for becoming are normal intelligent child and for their future not to watch too much TV in this time. Even more important for me is that these young children are not consumers yet and don't make their own decisions about what to buy or not - and I think that their parents are not that much interested in these kind of adverts. And what you shouldn't forget it that these children are well influencable and can not build their own opinion yet- and this is definitely a risk and unfaire to use them for their product. 

In the end I come to the conclusion that children shouldn't watch TV with adverts especially made for them, but this should be in the responsibility of the parents like education in general. And although I think that these adverts are very useless for children of this age I don't support forbitting these adverts. There are definitely more important things to forbid. 