Nowadays lots of young children are watching television. In our society it is normal because of the media. In addition to that there is lots of advertising in the television for small children. 
I think there are positive and negative arguments for this statement. 
Firstly I would say that it is not good that the people in the media are speaking directly to the children. For example, the small children would see a toy that they want because they see it in the television. The parents would have a problem, Maybe the toy is too expensive or the the parents say that the children not need this toy. 
Besides the children would spend more time to watching television. The consequences would be that the children would be lately dump. They would still believe that all the advertisements are saying the truth.
Furthermore I would say that the children do not meet other friends. The children would be isolated of the environment.
Now I say someting about the positive sides of this topic.
Televisoin and also media are inportant things in the future. I think that is good that the media directors talking directly to the children because they included the children directly in the media and also about the lately future.
Besides the parents should protect that children so that the parents decide when the children are watching television. That would not bring so many problems when the parents would choose the series that should see the children. In addition that there are lots of series withoot advertisements.
All in all I would say that are posive and negative sides to this topic. 
I thinks its good for the children because of the future and also bad because the children would not spend lots of time with otther things, for example with their friends. I think that the parents should care about the children and should choose wheather their children should see advertisements or not. 
Personallly i would not show my children advertisements or mainly television because it is dump and they would not learn something in this advertisements. But it is also the disicion of the parents.
