In the following text I am going to compare the text about the Chevalier to an an audiotion I heard about him.

Both sources told me that the memoirs of the Chevalier are an important source for the history of the european society because the Chevalier visited a lot of parties and met a lot of famous people. Therefore he had interesting things to tell.

In the text it says that the Chevalier is a controversial figure. That's because on the own hand his stories are very imporant but on the other hand there are a lot of critical people who say that the Chevalier did not tell the truth. Sometimes he added something or he just did not tell the truth about what actually happened.
In the text are three examples that show his lies. In contrast to the text, there were some arguments whý the Chevalier did not lie in the audition.

The first example from the text is that he lied about being rich. He showed his property by spending money, but actually he borrowed money from a Swiss merchant.  For zhe writer of the text it means that he could not be rich because than borrowing money would not make sense. But in the audition the voice said that that is not beeing poor. Borrowing money can have other reasons.

The text's second example is that the Chevalier wrote that he had met Voltaire. The critic is that he wrote about it a long time agout after it had happened - if it happened. The argumunet at the audition was that he visited a lot of parties and therefore he was not able to write about his meetings directly. Also this is the reason why it is possible that he added something or whatever, because he could not remember every party after am few years by only reading his notices.

The third example is his escape from the prison. The text says that it could not be true that he escaped by hisself he have to had some support of his friends. The audition says that his friends were not that powerful than other people, so it could be true. They also had to repair the ceiling after the Chevalier escaped. that make it seem true

