The woman who held the speech tries to explains the things in Chevaliers life that seem invented to make it more adventurous. The speach about Chevalier de Seingalt began with saying that his memoires are one of the most accurate and reliable historical source about European society in the eighteenth century. This statement argues with the text because in the text they claim Chevalier to invent a lot of events in his memoires so they are more exciting to read and make his life look like an adventure. The first argument to proove the point made in the speach is that Chevalier said he was wealthy in Switzerland and made a lot of parties and spend money but also borrowed money from a Swiss merchant. The woman who held the speech is the opinion that at some point Chevalier did not have a lot of money because he had to waint until his things were sold and he got his money. In this time he did not have the money so he had to borrow a bit from a merchant. The text only says that if Chevalier has been rich he would not have had to borrow money. The socond argument the woman gives is the one to explain why he could write down exact phrases from a conversation between him and Voltaire some years after they have actually met. The text says that he must have invented the phrases because it is not possible to remember them exactly but the woman gives an explanation. She tells theat Chevalier often wrote conversations down the night right after he and Voltaire spoke and kept the notes for years. Other people who knew Chevalier also mentioned in their own writings about Chevalier that he wrote a lot down of things he heard and carried it around with him to maybe write it down later again. The third point is about Chevalier escaping from the prison in Venice. He wrote down that he escaped the prison just by using a piece of metal and making a hole into the ceiling so he could escape out of the roof. The text says that he was maybe just freeed by some powerful friends but wanted to write something more exciting. The woman who held the speech argumented that there were other prisoners with more powerful friends in this prison who could not come free and that there is also a document of the Venice prison that tells of a ceiling that has to be repaired in the exact same time when Chevalier escaped. Because there is no document on another prisoner escaping through the ceiling it is a vuluable hint that Chevaliers story is true.