Chevalier de Seingalt wrote down his memoirs during the end of his live. His memoirs are often being criticised as being inacurrate and just distorted views of his.

Chevalier writes in his memoirs that during his time living in Switzerland he was very welathy. He was also known for partying and gambling causing many people to doubt his recollections about his life in Switzerland. In fact it is also known that he more often than not borrowed money from a Swiss merchant. This may be true but there are also sources reporting that Chevalier was actually wealthy. Said wealth was just concetrated in assets. So when Chevalier ran out of cash it of course took some time to convert his assets to real money. Logically during that time he had to borrow money in order to keep himself afloat.

In Chevalier's memoirs it is also stated that he had mit Voltaire. This is in no way doubted but Chevalier's memoirs often contain exact conversations making it hard to belief for critics that Chevalier managed to recollect his conversations with Voltaire so accurately. Sources that oppose the critics doubts often state that after Chevalier had spoken to Voltaire he would write down everything he could remember form those conversations. Of course he kept those notes for a long time making it possible he wrote his memoirs with them.

Chevalier supposedly also escaped from prison. In his memoirs it is stated that he made a hole in the roof in his prison cell and climbed out of it. Critics think it is more likely he just bribed the guards as he had many influential friends in Venice. This is of course possible but regarding the fact that there were people in this prion with even more influential friends that did not escape makes his story possible. Furthermore there records of the city of Venice repairing the roof of Chevalier's prison cell after he escaped. People who believe his story say that there is hardly any reason the city of venice would have done this if it was not through the hole in the ceiling that enabled prisoners to escaped from their cell.  