In the following the topics of disagreement of the audio of a presentation and a text aboit the memoir of Chevalier will be explained.
The text states that the memoir of Chevalier, in which he wrote about his life and adventures, is a very important and valuable historical source for the European society in the years from 1735 to 1798. Many historicans say that it cannot be completely true, because some passages seem to be very unlikely and only written for the pure purpose of entertainment or to make Chevalier`s life more interesting. The memoir says that he was a very wealthy man who often had gamblings and festivities but people found evidence that he could not have been as wealthy as he made himself seem. The audio says that it is in fact possible that he was a wealthy man, who had to wait for his money to have these gamblings. It also states that he sold things so he had the money needed and had to wait for this money to arrive. when he did not have the money at the times he wanted to have a gambling he had to lend himself money from other people.
Another topic the text and the audio do not agree with, is the topic of his conversations with Voltaire. The text says that he wrote these conersaitions years after he talked with Voltaire and that it is impossible to remember exact sentences a person has said years before. On the other hand does the audio state that there are information from friends of Chevalier that he used notes when writing his momoir and that he often wrote notes down after he held conversaitions with people or after special events. So it is possible, as it is being said in the audio, that the conversaitions, written down in the memoir, are in fact accurate.
The third and last topic the presentation and the text do not have the same opinion about is the topic of hid flight from the prison in Venice. The text says, that he claims to hav eescaped out of the prison usimg a piece of metal and then climbing through the roof. It also says that this is more likely to be a more interesting version of his time and escape from prison than the truth and that he wrote that with the lone purpose of entertaining the reader. The presentation say that it is possible that he escaped prison on this a+way because one found evidence that the roof of his cell had to be repared after Chevalier`s time in prison. So it is possible that he wrote the truth. 