In the presentation I just heard, the stories and memoirs of Chevalier de Seingalt were proved right. In contrast to the Text above, in which the writer tried to inform about the possibility of the incorrectness of parts of the memoirs, the audio part explains, why all of the written or mostly of it, is right.
Chevalier de Seingalt was, in both sources, presented as a man of wealth, manly durin his time in Swizerland. While the Text above explains, that he has only borrowed money to seem wealthy, the professor told, that he had money, but it took time to arrive, so he borrowed some money to enjoy his wealthy in the moment - he  could, becaus in theorie he had enough money - by the way: who would borrow a poor person a lot of money without any secure, that he could get it back someday?
There is also a lot of doubt about a conversation between the famous philosopher Voltaire and Chevalier de Seingalt. A lot of people often criticise, that Chevalier de Seingalt had invented the conversation and that he wrote it down many years after the meeting, if there was one. How could he new exactely, what they had sad? Well, the professor told, rhat whitnesses of his time had explainded, that he took notes on each and everything in his life. So why shouldn´t he took notes on this memorial meeting to restore it years after?
The last big critig on the trouness of his story ist, that he eventually escaped from a prison. In his book he wrote, that he removed a part of the ceiling with a peace of metal and climed through the roof.
It is a facet, that he was, during his time in Italy, in prison. Criticers say, that Chevalier de Seingalt had a lot of politicaly well-connected friends in Venice which probably helped him to come out of the prison by using a "legal" way and the door, not a whole in the ceiling. In the presentation it is explained, that, during Chevalier de Seingalt was in prison, a lot of other persons were in prison which were even more important for the politic or which had more frins in high political positions. So why weren´t they freed and could´ve gone out of prison?
A last contra towarts the statement, that Chevalier de Seingalt went out with the help of his powerful freinds is, that the room in which he was locked, had to be repaired, after he left it. Why should the room had to be repaired if it wasn´t destroyed? And why shouldn´t Chevalier de Seingalt had destroyed it?
All in all I can say, that there is a lot of doubt wheather the source of the memories of Chevalier de Seingalt is right or wrong. On the one hand it is logical, that a lot is wrong and evented by him, on the other hand there are a lot of facts or logical combinations, that proof the correctness of his words and stories.