Chevalier de Seingalt, who lived from 1725 to 1798, wrote a memoir about his own life and his advedntures. This memoir is a valuable and maybe even a very reliable historical source. There are some critics, who say that what he wrote is not what really happened and that Chevalier only made these events up to make his life look more interesting or to make himself look weatlhier than he was. 
There are about three events that are probably the most important and controversial in his memoir. 
The first one is about his time in Switzerland, which he claims to have spent with a lot of money of his own. He did spend a lot of that money on gambling and partying. On the other hand there if proof that he borrowed a lot of money from a Swiss merchant. Critics say that he could not have been very rich after all, if that fact is true. Others say that he had to borrow the cash money, because he was waiting for his own money and could not afford to wait very long, because he had to invest money. 
There are also very accurate documents of conversations he had with Voltaire written in his documents. It is likely that the two of them met, but critics say that it is not possible for him to have memorized the exact phrasing and wording of that conversation, because it was written many years after it must have taken place. Some people argue that he was known for taking a lot of notes and keeping journals, which he could have used when he was writng his memoir. 
Lastly Chevalier wrote about his adventurous escape from a prison in Venice. He claims that he escaped by climbing through the roof after creating a hole with a piece of metal. There are in fact old documents from this prison that state that the ceiling of Chevaliers cell had to be repaired and why would that be needed if it was not broken in the first place. Critics say, that he might have bribed his way out, but that seems unlikely, since there were far more powerful prisoners in Venice than him, who could have done the same, but didn't, most likely because it was not possible. 
It seems like there is just as much evidence against as in favor of his memoir, which leaves it more or less open for interpretation.