The memoirs of the Chevalier de Seingalt, that is mentioned in the text above and as well in the lecture, are controversed a lot. His memoir became a valuable historical source about European society in the eighteenth century, but critics say that they are not always that accurate. The first point that is mentioned in the text is his wealth. In his memoirs he claims to have been very wealthy while living in Switzerland and to have spent a lot on parties and gambling. But recently evidence has surfaced that he had as well borrowed a large amount of money from a Swiss merchant. The lecture defends the Chevalier by saying that although he had borrowed money, it does not exclude the fact that he was wealthy. Many rich people sometimes need a little financial help and since the Chevalier was also moving at that time it is possible that he needed some help, but besides that was still quite wealthy.
The next point in the text refers to the conversations Chevalier recorded of himself and the faamous writer Voltaire. It is criticised that the conversations are captured so accurately, since the memoirs were written many years after said conversations and hardly anyone can remember this much after a long time like this. Also in this point the woman in the lecture had an explanation for this. After every conversation Chevalier had with Voltaire, he had written some details about them down in a diary. It is well known that the Chevalier used to do this a lot and write down some things he had experienced on specific days. So with the help of these notes he was able to remember as much of the conversation as if it had just happened a couple of days earlier.
The last point the text is criticising is about his escape from a notorious prison in Venice, Italy. In his memoirs the Chevalier claims to have escape by making a hole in the ceiling of his cell with the help of a piece of metal and climbing throuh the roof. Critics say it is an entertaining way to tell the story, but it is more likely that his well-coonnected friends bribed him out of prison. Again, the lecture defends the Chevalier by giving the argument, that hardly anyone has ever managed to bribe out of prison, even with the most influential friends. Also the ceiling of the Chevaliers cell needesd to be repaired after he escape, which indicates that there was an actual hole in the ceiling and could confirm his story.