The historical person Chevalier de Seingalt who lived in the 18th century wrote a memoir about his life and how he met famous people. Even because of this his memoirs are pretty popular, there is a discussion about the question, if his memoires are true and really happened like this or if there are whole stories that are fake and never took place like this in real life.
Critics claim for example that a lot of his stories are far too exiting to make a story with suspense for the reader. For example, that Chevalier escape out of a prison just by using a piece of metal and then climbing through the roof. For them it's clear that he escaped beacuse he had many friends with a big influence that could have halepd them to leave the prison, through the door and not through the ceiling.
The opposite partie says, that it's in fact really possible that Chevalier escapedn just like he wrote. There ceiling should have been repaired, so it's obviously that there was a hole in it. Another argument against the staement that Chevalier's memoires are fake is, that there had been other prisoners who had quite more famous friends with a much bigger influence, and they stayed in prison. So why should Chevalier be the only one who was helped to escape?
The critics of the memoires also don't believe Chevaliers stories about his conversations with Voltaire, because he wrote down their conversations just after a couple of years.
Another opinion is, that no memoir can ever be completely accurate, but the conersations nearly are, because Chevalier wrote them down right after they talked. So the time he wrote the memoir wasn't the same time he wrote down their conversations, he just had to cody it.
Also Chevalier's wealth or poorness is under diskussion.
Some people claim that he could never be rich, beacuse he had to borrow himself money. Other people say it's clear that he had to borrow money first to expand. Ranning out of cash is quite normal if someone lives a life with a lot of parties and luxury, so even if he were rich he just has spent it all. And sometimes you just have to borrow money as a start capital to make more money.
In the end nobody will ever be able to tell which parts of Chevalier's memoir happened just like this, are whole lies or are partly true. It's the task of everyone on his own to think about it, looking at the historical facts and then building his own opinion.