Chevalier de Seingalt (1725-1798) is famous for his memoirs, but he is also often critizised for them. But are all those complains about the truth of these memoirs necessary?

The first much discussed topic is Chevaliers wealthiness. In his writings Chevalier claims that he was very rich while living in Switzerland and spent lots and lots of money on parrties and gambling. Now it´s proofen that he had borrowed money of another rich merchandiser and many people see a problem here. But is there really? Isn´t it natural that a merchandiser like him spends huge amounts of his money on goods  and has to wait for payment until he litterally swims in money again? And isn´t it natural that you don´t want to miss your appointments and parties in that period of waiting, but borrow some money to enjoy life? 

Also questionable are Chevaliers talks with the philosoph Voltaire. Because these conversations happend years before Chevalier actually wrote his memoirs critics believe that he made up parts of the conversation to make them seem more interesting, because honestly, who can even remember his own exact sentences from last week? But in this case there are again circumstaces that proof the critics wrong: We nowadays know that Chevalier kept notes from his conversations with Voltaire that he took ammediatley after those that he relied on when writing his memoirs.

The biggest myth is propably Chevaliers escape from zhe prsion of Venice in Italy. He claims that he somehow digged up the ciling, while other people say that he was aible to convince his guards to free him because he had mighty friends in the city. To proof this theory wrong you have to take a look at other people that were imprisoned there: There were many people with more mighty friends and more power to themselves who couldn´t bail themselves out, and there are even records that the ceiling of the cdell Chevalier was kept in had to be repaired after he was able to escape.

All in all you should of course always be critical when it comes to memoirs or things like that because everybody likes to see himself as a hero, but you should also always spend at least a second thought on how things could be impossible or possible.