The Chevalier de Seingalt who lived from 1725 to 1798 is a historical figure who wrote a memoir about his life. This memoir is very controversial due to many people claiming that he lied about certain things or left out information or invented things because they would make his life seem more exciting. However, there are also many people who believe the Chevaliers stories and say that the memoir is accurate.

One of the discussed passages from his memoir is the time where the Chevalier lived in Switzerland. He chlaimed to be very rich but it was found out that he had to borrow money from a Swiss merchant and therefore critics do not believe he was as wealthy. But still many people do believe that he was not poor because the concept of money making includes that you have to spend some money first and while the Chevalier was waiting for his money after selling his property he had to borrow money.
Another discussed topic is the conversation that the Chevalier had with the writer Voltaire. Due to the memoir being wrtitten several years after they had a talk, many people doubt that he can still remember the exact words they said to each other. On the other hand the Chevalier and witnesses stated that he often wrote down important conversations he had and kept them and so he apparently did with the notes of the conversation with Voltaire.
Besides these there is another part in his memoir that people critizise. At some point in his life the Chevalier was kept in a venecian prison and wrote down how he managed to escaped through making a hole in the prison cells ceiling. People believe that he only wrote this because it sounds more exciting and he could easily have escaped due to friends in the italian government. However, some people also doubt that this would be impossible because in the prison there were other inmates who had even more connections to the government but it still did not help them. Also important to note is that old venecian government documents state that the ceiling had to be repaired after his escape so it could be likely that he actually destroyed the ceiling somehow.

Due to all these arguments and proofs for and against the accuracy of the Chevaliers memoir he stays a controversial person and it will be hard to find out the truth.