There's no doubt that the Chevalier left behind a very important historic document with his memoir. However there's a lot of controversy behind it, because it seems so uneblievable for him to have experienced such for the critic's eyes highly exaggerated adventures.

One of these adventures would have been him being able to flee from a venetian prison. In his memoir he describes it as a heroic escape through the ceiling by making a hole in it with a piece of metal, through which he climbed out into freedom. However, critics do not believe this version of the story and support the theory, that he was able to escape through the help of his politically highly influencial friends that bailed him out of prison. Although as a matter of fact, there had been people sentenced to jail in Venice at that time with even more influecial friends, who did not manage to get out with their help. Also, the Chevalier cell's ceiling had to be replaced after his escape and why would that have been necessary if his heroic story wasn't true?

The next example would be the Chevalier's tales about his partying and gambling in Switzerland, which he could afford through him being enormously rich.
Critics however dicovered that he had lend money while he was staying there. Now studies now found out that the Chevalier made money in Switzerland through selling property. He led named money while he was waiting for his own from the sales to arrive and not because he was in desperate need for it.

There had also been a controversial case with the Chevalier talking to the famous author Voltaire. Critics claim that Chevalier, who wrote down the whole conversation, could've never done that accurately word by word as he did, because he wrote down his memoir four years later than the conversation with Voltaire had actualy  happened. The oppostite side of historicians however say, that after the Chevalier's chat with Voltaire, he went up to his room and wrote down everything as close to reality as he could. This theory is supported by the fact that the Chevalier was seen by many people carrying around notes that he wrote down even years before he started to write his memoir.
