The text and the audio data are totally different. Every time the text tells us that the Chevalier wasn't accurate, the audio tries to explain, that his memoir is pretty accurate.

For example, in the text they wrote that it can't be true that he had such a wealth as he had written in his memoir. Alot of the money he spent for gambling and parties in Switzerland he borrowed from a Swiss merchant.
But in the audio they say that this doesn't have to mean that he was poor. He needed the money, so he could gamble and geather his wealth first. They say that he was a very rich and wealthy man and that he just borrowed the money, so he had to repay the merchant.

But in the text is also written that the information about his conversation with Voltair couldn't possibly be true, because he wrote his memoir many years after they met.
And again, in the audio they argue against it. It is said that the Chevalier always took notes of the events he passed through. Also about his conversation with Voltair. So it was possible for him to write down exact phrases of this meeting into his memoir.

The last thing they criticize in the text is about his famous excape from a notorious prison in Venice, Italy. He clames to have excaped through the roof by making a hole in the ceiling, using a piece of metal. Critics think that he just wrote this for an enjoyable reading and that it is way more realistic to claim his jailers were bribed to free him.
But, as the audio says, there should have been people in the same prison who have stronger and wealthier friends. In this case their jailers should have been bribed too. But instead of documents which proof that people had been freed through a bribe, they found a document about a broken ceiling which had to be repaired, right after the escape of the Chevalier.

In conclusion the audio data seems to be more accurate, because they can actually argue against the text with actual data of past events. So we can take most of the Chevalier's memoir serious.