Comparing the text part and the speech there are a lot of diffrences. 
First of all in the text the author claims that the memoirs of the Chevalier aren't accurent to his life. The author talks about how the Chevalier claims he had been very healthy while living in Switzerland but the author knows from from countable sources that the Chevalier was borrowing considerable amounts of money from a Swiss merchant. To the author this doesn't sound like a wealthy guy. The speech argues that if you win money while gambling you have to go an change this into real money. So they say that he was just borrowing money because he had to wait for the money he won to arrive.
Secondly the text talks about the Chevaliers meetings with Voltaire. The author argues that it is not possible at all that the Chevalier remembers all of his conversations with Voltaire exactely. The speech on the other hand say that they know from different sources that the Chevalier would always go home after such a meeting and write down the whole conversation he had into a notebook. by keeping the notebook the Chevalier just had to copy the conversation from his notebook into the memoirs.
The last point the author of the text writes about is how the Chevalier broke free from a prison in Italy. The Chevalier claims that he used a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling and then climbed trough the roof. The author says he just wrote this to make his memoires more interesting but he actually had a number of well connected friends in Venice who offered a bribe to get him free. In the speech they say that there were many other prisoners with even better connected friends and they didn't get their prisoners free so they don't see why it should have worked with the Chevalier. Adding to that the speakers say that in some sources you can read that right afer the Chevalier had escaped they had to fix the ceiling in the exact cell where the Chevalier was, so why can't the story be true.
The speaker of the speech says aswell that most memoires aren't 100% true but in the case of the Chevalier you can find reliable sources which proof almost everything he wrote. The author of the text on the other hand says that he think there is a lot of controversy in those memoires and one shouldn't really believe them.
Both of them got good points, however we can't really find out what is true because all this happend in the past and the only reference we have are sources.
