Chevalier

The two lecture handle about the memoir of Chevalier that he wrote at the end of his life. It was a very famous memoir that read a lot of famous peole like several kings.Chevalier was a very controversial person and so his memoir was too. After the reading of it you think like he had a very interessting life and that he was a very special and remarkable person but he was not in that way that he wanted to be. Many of the histories in his memoir didn't happen like he want that they happen. So for example his time in Switzerland nowadays we know that he has spend in this time a lot of money for huge parties and gambling. In his thoughts the money that he spend was his own but that's not correct because he had to borrow huge sums of money so it wasn't his own money and because of that he wasn't that rich that he wanted to be. the second point in his memoir that isn't that true are his meetings with Voltaire. Maybe they really met each other but they wans't speaking about that that he was written down because he wrote his memoire a lot of years after the meetings and so he couldn't kept all the conversations so detailed in his mind like he wrote them down. About this critic he said that he just wrote everything down after aconvesation with Voltaire and kept this notices until he wrote his memoir but nobody could keep all this paper for that many years like he said he did. The second and the last point in his memoir that is critical is his escape from the prison of Venice. In this point the experts are not sure one part of them belive that he demolished the prison can that he could flee in that way and the other part say that he just could flee because of his political well-connected friends that he had in this time. Bouth of them could be right because on one hand after the escape of Chevalier they had to repair his cell and this would one make sense if something was demolished and in the prison were other people that had also political friends but they coulnd't escape but on the other hand it would make more sense that after the other stories with a lot of lies in it that also this story is invented that that one that he read the story get a better picture of him. 