My name is Raven Van Wood, part ll
There were only two diffrerences. First, there were no paintings and statues of Maria and Jesus and second of all, it was much bigger. Emily showed me the gym and the ball room. In the gym I saw Bruce again. He looked very lost, so Emily and I asked him if he wanted to come with us. After showing us the ball room it was time to eat. We went to the biggest mensa on earth. It was huge. Because it was so huge, it took me about two minutes to loose Bruce and Emily. So I decided to sit to a table, where this strange girl sat. She was eatig a vegan avocado chicken wrap. It looked delicious, so I stole it from her and ate it. She looked at me angrily. Then I got the strangest feeling I ever had. I had the feeling of looking at miself. not Becouse she looked like me. But her soul did. I we stared at eachother for a while, when we got interrupted by a boy throwing salad at us.The strange girl ran out of the room and I ran right after her. I was able to reach her, since I was very fast. you could have said that I was the fastest girl alive. 
I asked the strange girl what her name was and she told me that her name was Rose Van Wood. that was the moment we realized. That we must have been sisters. We both felt this special bond between us, no one was able to explain what it was but it felt awesome. 
Rose and I went for a walk in the campus. We talked and talked and talked. We were so deep in our conversation, that we lost ourselves. Rose told me that she had a roommate that was ugly and mean. So I told her, that she could sleep in my room. 
That was our first slumber party. It was followed by thousends of others. 
I finally had a sister. we still weren't sure if we were biological sisters, but our souls sure were sisters. We had the same mind. We still do. And now, 45 jears later, when we look back at it, we laugh about how stupid we were, when we thought, that we went to college. It took us about a year to realiye, that our Parents didn't send us to college, but to a mad house. Everyone there thought it was college. 
Then it took us about another year to escape and go to new york and start a new life.¨
The 
