Due to the fact that the Chevalier de Seingalt (1725-1798) lived a very interesting life, meeting kings and writers, and because he wrote these experiences down in his memoirs, his memoirs have become a historical source about the Europe of the 18th century. But there are also people doubting that his memoirs are very accurate, due to a few inconsistencies they found. 
Firstly, we have evidence while he lived in Switzerland, he borrowed large amounts of cash although in his memoirs, he claimed to have been very rich. Then there are recallings of his conversations with Voltaire, and there, critics complain that his memoirs have been written a long time after those conversations. And lastly, he claimed to have escaped from a prison in Venice by drilling a hole in the ceiling, and critics claim that having many influential friends at that time, it is more likely for him to have bribed his way out.
On the other hand, there is another, less obvious, but equally probable explananion for each of these stories that support the Chevalier's credibility: In the first case, where he borrowed money despite claiming to be rich, we have evidence that his wealth consisted of land and assets, and that because it could sometimes take a while to convert his assets into cash, he had to borrow cash until his assets were sold. Then for the conversations with Voltaire, he claimed to have written down hat he could remember the evening after their conversations, and then having used these notes for reference when writing his memoirs. This is also supported by other sources having seen the Chevalier having some notes to help his memory while writing his memoirs. And lastly, we know for a fact that there were other prisoners in that prison with even wealthier and more influential friends that the Chevalier's, and still, we don't have any evidence of anyone else escaping by bribing the guards. This makes the story with the escape through the roof more likely, and there are also documents stating a repair of the ceiling in his prison cell had been necessary, which can be dated shortly after his escape, which would again make sense if he had damaged the ceiling by escaping through it.