The Chevalier de Seingalt lived in the 18th century. Towards the end of his life, he wrote a series of memoirs which have since served as a very useful source of information on life and society during his lifetime. However, it is widely believed that his memoirs are greatly exaggerated. The presentation about the Cavalier's memoirs tries to disprove this.
There are three main points discussed in the text about the Chevalier's memoirs. First of all, there is his time in Switzerland. There, he claims to have had great wealth, yet it has been discovered that he borrowed large sums of money from a Swiss merchant - why would he need to borrow money if he was rich?The presentation offers the suggestion that his wealth was not kept in cash, but in things he would have to sell to use as money. Of course, this took time, and therefore he would need to borrow some money while he waited for his own money to arrive. Thus, he could constantly enjoy his extravagant lifestyle of parties and gambling.
The second point in the text is the Chevalier's conversations with the great poet Voltaire. He wrote his memoirs many years afterwards and therefore he would almost definitely not be able to remember these conversations word for word. According to the presentation however, he took detailed notes on every conversation with Voltaire and apparently kept these notes for years afterwards. His friends also said that he regularly consulted notes and journals while writing his memoirs, so it is entirely possible that he also copied his conversations with Voltaire from his earlier notes.
The final point is the Chevalier's spectacular breakout from a notorious prison in Venice. According to his memoirs, he cut a hole in the ceiling with a piece of metal and climbed through the roof. Many critics, however, believe that he simply had his guards bribed, as he had many well-connected friends that could easily help him with such an escape. In the presentation however, there are two facts that speak more for the Chevalier's version of the story: Firstly, there were many other well-connected people in the same prison, none of which were ever freed by their friends. Secondly, reports show that the ceiling of the Chevalier's cell had to be repaired after his escape.
On the one hand, the Chevalier's memoirs do seem slightly hard to believe, but on the other, there is good reasoning why they are not necessarily false.