As we could read, the Chevalier de Seingalt, who lived in the eighteenth century, had a very exciting and adventurous life according to his memoirs. Since many people, who read the memoir doubt it to be the truth and rather think it is filled with made up stories by the chevalier. So in the presentation we just heard, a woman spoke about how the stories and thoughts of the Chevalier, are not made up at all according to her. She pointed out three different, doubtable stories from his memoirs. The first one, occured during his time in Switzerland. According to the Chevalier, he was very wealthy and spent a lot of money on gambling and partying in Switzerland. His doubters though say, that he had to loan money from a merchant so he can not have been that rich at all. The woman then explained, that the way he earned his money, needed time. So during the time he was waiting on his wealth to grow, he had to get a loan from a merchant, which he could pay back later on. The second story, is about the Chevalier and Voltaire. In his memoir, the Chevalier writes about his conversations with the frenchman and he wrote down dialogues which doubters again do not believe to be possible to remember after many months or even years. But again, the woman says they are wrong. She heard, that the Chevalier wrote down as much as he could remember of the conversations with Voltaire, each night after they had a conversation. Then, once he wrote his memoirs, he used these notes to tell the full story of him and Voltaire. So according to her, this story as well, can be completely true and not made up. The third and last story talked about in text and presentation, was his daring escape from a notorious prison in Venice. While the critics say, that he simply had lots of good connections to important people and he just bribed his way out of the prison, the woman still thinks it is a plausible story. As she says, a lot of the inmates had even better connections and they did not manage to bribe their way out. As her concluding argument, she stated that there is an old file, written by the government, listing the repair of the ceiling in the Chevaliers cell. And why would they repair it if he did not break out through it?