In the vocal presentation the woman says that despite the fact that no memoir can be absolutely correct in detail, Chevalier's memoir is still a very reliable source in histroy. 
Three points are discussed in the text and vocal presentation: his time in switzerla dkghgjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
The text tells us that during Chevalier's time in Switzerland he could not have been as wealthy as he said, since there is evidence that CHevalier borrowed big sums of money from a Swiss merchant. In the presentation we learn that in that period of time you first had to sell property in order to get money, plus you had to wait a little until you would receive your money. Chevalier wasn't poor, he just had to borrow cash while he was waiting for his own money to arrive.
People were also skeptical about the accuracy of the conversations that are recorded in the memoir between Chevalier and Voltaire because Chevalier wrote them down many years after the conversations were held. What the text doesn't tell us is that Chevalier always wrote down everything he could remember of his conversations with Voltaire right after they met. He didn't wait multiple years and then tried to recreate the conversations from his memory. He had notes that he kept and used for his memoir.
The last point that was dicsussed is his escape from the prison in Venice. Chevalier claims that he escaped the prison by making a hole in the ceiling and climbing through the roof. Critics think that it is more likely that he was offered a bribe from his politically well-connected friends in Venice. In the recording we learn that the other jailers had even more politcally well-connected friends but none of them escaped. In addition to that there are records from the Venice jail that state that the ceiling of Chevalier's cabin had to be repaired shortly after he escaped.

In the text the accuracy of Chevalier's memoir is mostly criticised but they forget to mention little details that are of high importance.