The story is about a famous chevalier called chevalier de seingalt. He lived from 1725 till 1798. At the end part of his life he wrote a long memoir in this memoir he wrote some intresting things but many critical persons say that it was a lie. 

The first arguemnt was, that he had may friends and he met many people so the memoir must talk good abou him. He also had many friends who were writers so he had many people who could help him to write his life more succesful, exciting and glamorous then it wasand with the kings he had frieds who did the same as he did. So it comes that people think he wanted to be the like the kings and the writers were his friends who amybe got paid.

One of their arguments was the money which should have been donated after the memoir. Their it says he donated it at the same day as he said he would do but the critics say that in this time you had to wait and sell things befor you could donate money which took something lik 1 or 2 days as a minimum. You just did not have some bar money to this time.

An argument for the truless of the story is, that in the prison he was many people with better connections were there as well and they could not escape. So why should he have been able to escape with the help of the jailers if the other people there were not able to do so. Even if they had more influence and mire money.

As a last thing there was again a argument that the story was not true because the cell did not need to get exchanged after his escape and why should it be so if he would have made a hole into the cell. If he had did so the cell would had must to be exchanged.

As a result we have to say, that thereare many good arguemnts that the story is a lie. Maybe these man lived and he had many friends and was rich but he probably did not have such an intresting and exciting life as the memoirs want to let it look like. But it is still a nice story to read so we should not be that much critical with the chevalierbecause he wanted to let his life look more exciting than it as.