There are many controversials about the memoir of the Chevalier de Seingalt. Three of them are very important and interesting facts. Critics often fight, wether the stories the Chevalier is telling are either made up, or the bare truth.

In the first story the Chevalier tells, that he lived in Switzerland for a while. He claims that he has been very wealthy, and spent his evenings with throwing big parties or gambling. But if he really was that wealthy, why should he then borrow considerable sums of money from a Swiss merchant? Isn't this a sign for him being rather a poor person?
Some critics say no! Because he used a lot of money for his parties and gambling, he sometimes went to a Swiss marchent fo borrowing it, but not because he was poor. The fact is, that the bank often wasn't able to pay him such large sums, anyway he had enough money. Because he needed the money, he went to this Swiss marchent, who could ive it to him anytime he needed it.

The second one is the storie, where he retells every single sentence he spoke with Voltaire, when he met him.But he wrote his memoir a long time after he met Voltaire and it isn't possible to retell stories this exact after so many years. So some people say, that the conversations sometimes are made up.
On the other hand, there are eyewitnesses who claim, that he reffered to a diary he wrote, when he was meeting Voltaire, as he was writing his memoire.

The third story is, where he tells about his adventourus prison break in Venice, where he had to dig a hole wth a piece of metal through the ceiling to be able to escape. A lot of critics say, that this is a lie and that he just bribed some important people he knew in Venice and was released the day after.
But original papers from the prison prove, that his cell had a broken ceiling and had to be repaired and that there were even more important personalities in this prison who weren't released because they bribed people.

So at the end we can say, the Chevalier has to have told the truth.