There are a lot of rumors about Chevalier de Seingalt and about the memoirs of his life. He was born in 1725-1798. His memoires are valuable historical sources about the European society in the eigtheenth century. But there are some critical voices who are not quite sure if the memoires are real and wrote with real informations or if big parts of his memoirs are phantasies to make it more interesting for readers to read his memoires. For example you can find extended conversations between him and Voltaire. But the critical people are questioning if it`s even possible to remember such long conversations. They say that is it impossible to write down these exact conversations. But on the other side there is some evidence that he always wrote down everything about his conversations the same night and that he kept these notes over years. It is said that these notes were used to write his memoires and that the conversations happend the way it is written down in his memoires. An other event that is criticized is his escape out of the prison in Venice, Italy. In his memoirs it says that he used a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceilind and climed through the roof. But other people claim that this was not possible and also made it more interesting to the readers of his memoirs if he took adventure stories like that into his memoires. They say that he had a lot of friends in Venice with an important position in their job. It could be that his friend bribed the jailers to free him. But there are other people who say that there were lots of other people in this prison also having friends in Venice and they didn`t get out of this prison. They found some evidence and sources which ae saying that the ceiling was repaired shortly after Chevalier got out of prison so his story might be possible.
There are a lot of rumors about him and his memoires and even if they might be true or not true that makes it even more interesting to read them and maybe even do some research about him and his life.