Critics say that the Chevaliers memoir is not very trustworthy. But there are many arguments which proof the opposite. First, the critics complained that the Chevalier was a poor man because he borrowed money even if he said that he was very wealthy. But an argument to support that the Chevalier was rich and did tell the truth is, that you only can get rich when you already have money, because you have to fit into a certain standard. Documents proof that in Switzerland the Chavalier was rich and wealthy so after borrowing money, he could catch on and then stand on his own feet.The borrowed sums of money only were the beginning of his raising up. The second point, which has to be discussed are the conversations he had with Voltaire. In the text above it's discussed that the Chevalier wrote about the conversations many years later, which implies that these aren't very trustworthy. But when we point out that the Chevalier wrote the conversations down directly in every night after talking to Voltaire, it is likely that he could remember or re-cite them word by word. So sources proof that the Chevalier wrote these conversations down years before his memoir came out. The third point is his breakout from prison. As critics say, the Chevalier claimed to have escaped through a hole in the ceiling by using a piece of metal. They assume that the Chevalier used this story to make his memoir seem adventourous and to build tension. In fact, they say, he just used his connections to venician people to get the jailers to free him. Even though critics question it, the Chavlier's story can  be true because of the following points: There are documents, which proof that there was a hole in the ceiling of the prison cell, which had to be repaired. So how did this hole get into the ceiling if the Chevalier didn't break out? The second argument is, that many prisoners as well had good or even better   connections to people who lived in Venice but they couldn't break out of the prison. So after all, we shouldn't trust critics, we should ensure ourselves by using facts and documents.