The memoir of Chevalier de Seingalt 
CHevalier was a controversial figure, there are so many happenings which are not clear if they are true or not. The rewritter of the text mentioned 3 specific situation in the life of the Chevalier, where he thinks that these situation are suspicious. The presentation gives a comment about the three situation and tries to explain it why it could be possible that these things happened.
First it was mentioned that Chevalier wrote in hir memoir, that when he lived in Switzerland that he was a famous, rich wealrthy guy, who spend loads of money in glamorous parites and casinos. The autor of the text discovered that Chevalier took in Switzerland a loan and for him it´s not clear, why does such a rich man has to take a loan ? On the other hand some people thinks that this is possible. It does not mean that if you take a loan that you are poor. They just think that Chevalier had load of money in property which he had to sell and this process needs time until he really has the money. 
The secon point which was mentioned in the text was, there is a down written conversation with him and the famous writer Voltaire. Criticer complain that this conversation was written so many years after the actual conversation, how can it be possible that Chevalier remembers excactly each word of the convesation?  The opposite conters that there is much evidence that Chevalier wrote a lot of notes, which can be proven by familiy members and servants. There is a possibility that he rewrote the whole notes just a little bit later.
The therd point is that Chevaliers claims that he escaped the Venetian prison. The crictian can not believe that, they claim that it was more likely that the jailers let him free. On the other hand there is some evidence that after Chevalier "escaped" out of the prison the ceiling had to be repaired. So they claim why did the ceiling have to be repaired when Chevalier did not escape out of the prison.
In the memoir of the Chevalier there are a lot of suspion things and happings. In one point still all members agree that the memoir is a really helpfull description of the society in the 18th. If Chevalier put some happenings just in a better light or if he just told the trueth ? Nobody knows and nobody will ever know.



