Chevalier: comparison of the written text to an audio file

In both of these sources of information, the plausibility of the history, kept in form of a memoire, of a man named "Chevalier" is questioned.
In the written text, the memoire is being heavily critisized whereas in the audio file, the memoire is said to be very plausible and realistic.

The first point disussed in both sources is about Chivaliers wealth. Both state that he might have benn rich, and both agreed that he had spent a large sum of money on gambling and parties. However, some evidence has been found, that the Chevalier had been borrowing money from swiss merchants, which makes critics suspect that he wasn't rich in the first place, since rich people don't usually need to borrow money. In the audio file however, another aproach to the problem is explained. It is said, that Chevalier had invested a lot of money in buildings and businesses, which meant that he had to wait a while until he got his money from his investment, also called assets. To keep his lifestyle of parying and gambling, he borrowed money from merchants and probably gave it back to them as soon as he had recieved his assets.

Secondly, Chevalier is being critisized for giving made up information about conversations which he elegidly had with Voltaire. Critics argue that his conversations had actually happened, but had been years ago until Chevalier wrote his memoire, so some of the information may have been false, due to remembering incorrectly or ficional influence in the process of writing. In the audio file it is stated that Chevalier had taken notes during his conversation with Voltaire, and there had been reports of bystanders that he had keept these during his life and had used them to write his memoire.

Lastly there is yet another contorversy about his escape from a prison in Venice. In Chevaliers memoire he states that he used a piece of metal to carve a hole into the ceiling, and so managed to escape the prison, by climbing through the hole. Critcs don't doubt that this whould have been possible, however they assume that Chevalier had lied to make his life story more interesting. Critics think that in reality he had bribed the prison guards to let him out.
In the audio file it is stated, that there had been other, more influential and rich prison inmates who didn't get out by bribery, so why should they have made an exception for Chevalier? In addition, after Chevaliers escape, the prison had to repair the ceiling of his cell, which also points toward his story being true.