Listening to the presentation gave insight into further details of the arguments written down in the article about the Chevalier. The fact that he had borrowed a lot of money to be able to sustain his way of life does indeed imply that he became poor over time, spending all the money he had. But then, it is revealed that the Chevalier possessed a lot more than just money in the form of local currency. He owned different kinds of assets as well, such as land. While he was trying to liquify the invested money into usable currency, he had to borrow money from others to be able to continue his lifestyle as he was waiting for his own money to arrive in economically acceptable form (coins/bills).
For the second point, it's all about his connection to and his conversations with Voltaire, a famous writer. Many critics say that his very detailed memoirs are invented, as he could not possibly be capable of remembering entire conversations and be able make accurate citations. In the presentation (the audio file), the listener is told that the Chevalier had in fact been taking notes of the conversations held with Voltaire on the very same day. Keeping those notes - they could even be called reports or diary excerpts - he must have been able to make accurate citations in his memoirs.
The third event being criticized heavily is his escape from a notorious prison in Venice. Apparently, he was able to create a hole in the ceiling, allowing him to jailbreak. Even though that story seems invented at first, we - as listeners of the presentation - are told that because of the fact that his cell's ceiling needed to be repaired after his stay, which indicates proof of the jailbreak story. In addition, the article's attempt on denying the jailbreak by explaining his regain of freedom with bribery of the police by local friends of the Chevalier is undermined by the presentations arguments. The lady speaking declared that bribery is a very unlikely way of escaping that prison, as many, more dangerous inmates of the Chevalier had tried to escape like that and they had failed.