The information from the text an the ones given in the presentation are pretty much the opposite of each other.
The presenter said that the memoires of the chevalier were a reliable source and the informations in it relatively accurate.
Both the text and the presenter confirmed that the chevalier spent some time in Switzerland, gambling with money he borrowed and going on parties. But the reason given for borrowing large sums of money are completely different: In the text, it is said  that the Chevalier borrowed  money, because he simply didn't have enough to finance his pricey lifestyle. On the other hand, in the presenation it is said that he had to borrow money because he first had to sell his belongings, which took some time until it was spendable (as coins). 

A similar conflict appears in the question about his conversations with voltaire. From the point of view of the critics in the text, it is impossible to write such detailed and accurate descriptions of a whole conversation having been held many years ago. They come to this conclusion because the chevalier seemed to have remembered whole sentences in the exact way Voltaire had spoken them. In the speech, it is said that friends of the chevalier had confirmed that he used to make notes each night after having spoken to Voltaire to keep detailed track of the conversations.

The last thing the presenter mentions in her speech is the chevaliers epic escape from the Venetian prison. In his memoires he writes that he escaped by damaging the ceiling in a way he could climb through the roof. In the speech we were told that the governement really did have to get the ceiling of the chevaliers ceel repaired,- a proof from the presenters point of view. The criticts questioned in the text, that if he did have such remarkable and well known friends, then why didn't they offer to set him free by bribing the jailors? But the presentor said that some prisoners had friends who were even richer did never have the slightest chance of escaping the prison just by the bribary of their friends.