The very memorable memoir of the very memorable Chevalier de Seingalt has withstood the same time as Shakespearean books have, whilst still being heavily criticised today; many of these critics claim Chevalier to have been a controversial figure since he's written his piece of work and that that could only be thanks to the stories he invented for the reader, so as to give them a more entertaining reading experience. However,  a hand full of arguments have proven to rattle those critics with doubt.

As critics must agree that Chevalier had met many famous people, the do not believe the amount of detail in his writings could have been so accurate. They do believe that he has met a very famous writer named Voltaire, but cannot except the full written story about their meeting as objective truth. They claim Chevalier wrote his memoir years after having met the famous writer, and therefore must be at least a bit inaccurate when attention is paid to the detail of their conversations. On the other side of the argument lies convincing evidence, though. Proof has been found that Chevalier kept many notes and used them as sources of inspiration and recalling distant events. People of his time have stated seeing him use those notes to his advantage, which could justify the complexion of his stories in general. 

How did he meet all these well-known individuals? He boasted about having gambled and thrown parties all the time, yet evidence supporting his wealth have not been found. He has however borrowed money from a Swiss merchant while living in Switzerland, which might explain his extravagant life at the time. 
Although he did borrow money, he might still have been a wealthy man. Back in the 18th century, one needed property of some sort to be seen as wealthy, once that property was sold. If Chevalier sold his assets, he might have had to wait for income for a while, until his money from the purchase would reach him. In that time, Chevalier must have borrowed money from the Swiss merchant to support him - and his expenses - while he had to wait. 

Even his famous prison excape is still criticised. Critics say he could not have made a hole with a piece of metal, but rather that he had bribed some important