Chevalier de Seingalt wrote a memoir telling the readers about some of his very interessting experiences in his life. That memoir is said to be a reliable historical source of the 18th century but still some people aren`t so sure about that. How could these things written down be completely true if he wrote them years later? 

Critiquers are claiming that it can not be possible to write down your memories and be a hundred procent sure they are true. Some of them are saying that while Chevalier lived in Switzerland he was poor, since he was gambling and partying a lot. But those accusations don`t have to be true. According to a presantation that talks about this excact memoir Chevalier was a whealty man who did not live in poverty. The problem with his gambling and party life was the he ran out of cash very fast, so he had to wait a few days for more money to arrive before he could continue his wasting of money. 
Other Critiquers also say that he couldn`t possible remeber the conversations he had with the famous author Voltaire. Those are written down in his memoir also years later. But it is mentioned in the presentation that Chevalier regularly kept a journal he wrote down these conversations in and used while he was writing his memoir all these years later. 
In his memoir Chevalier describes a prison escacpe in Venice. He says he could do so by making a hole in the ceiling of his cell and then climb through that one to get out. Many people don`t believe in his theory with escaping through the hole in his cell and think that he simply bribed someone for his freedom. But it was descovered that after his escape from that prison the ceiling in Chevaliers cell had to be repared which leads to believe his story. And there were other people at the prison who had even more powerful friends who could have bribed some of the guards to get out and none of them managed to escape the prison.

Even though there are many critiquers to Chevalier`s memoir there are also those who believe in it and defend him with facts who prove he was telling the truth while writing his memoir.  