The Chevalier is a controversal person, because all of his stories are an important historical source for understanding what happened in the 18th century, but his written down memoires might also be incorrect or incomplete. But there are always two sides to everything, and to every argument there is a contraargument. Let's have a look at what the claims are against him.
First, people who believe he was a fraud, claim that he, while living in Switzerland, had to borrow money, even though in his memoire, he states that he was very rich and spent a lot of money. This might sound like he wasn't rich at all, but in his defense it has to be said that he could've just had his whole money invested in things, like houses or land or other "non-cash" goods, and that in the moment of needing cash, didn't have any left. This could've forced him to borrow money, because of missing cash, but he still could've had a big fortune.
The next argument states that the Chevalier, having many conversations with the famous writer Voltaire, could recite many exact phrases from conversations he had years or even decades ago. This is biologically not possible, because the human mind is bound to forget things, especially things that happened a long time ago. The other side to this argues that the Chevalier wrote down what he talked with Voltaire every night, so his memory was still fresh and the informations might actually e accurate. 
The third and last argument says that his fabulous prison break, which he claims happened because he took a piece of metal and dig through the roof of his cell,  might not have been that fabulous after all - because he had a lot of influence in the prison, he coud've just bribed his guards to let him out of prison. On the other hand, his supporters found through research that he was in fact very influencial, but not nearly as influencial as other people in the same prison, and even they could not bribe the guards into letting them go. Also, soon after he had escaped, the guards had to repair a ceiling in a very special cell: the Chevaliers. 
To summarize everything, while the text claims many things to make the Chevalier look like he was a fraud, the claims are not complete and there is always an explanation for why his memoire can still be accurate. This shows that we should not just believe everything that we read or hear, but first conduct research to find out whether it was the truth, an incomplete truth or jus ta total lie.