The text and the lecture both deal with the moire Chevalier has written in his last years of living. Both state that the memoire is really important for scientists and studies and that it is a source often used. The different lays in the fact that the text says that Chevalier was more a exagerator or even a liar only to make his life looking more spectacular. The woman that hold the lecture believes more in the truth and accuracy of Chevalier's Memoire. The text and the lecture have both reason to believe their assumptions.

Once Chevalier has mentioned in his Memoire that he had escaped prison in Venetia via the ceiling of his cell by using a metal tool. The text's autor finds this story too unbelievble because it was well-known that Chevalier had good connectinos with wealthy men so that it is more likey that he bribed himself out of the prison.
The point of the woman of the lecture is that other prisoners as well had good connections but never managed to get out of the prison. She also as a second proof that says that some days after Chevalier was free again the ceiling belonging to his cell had to be repaired.

Another story that is hold for the future in Chevalier's Memoire is the representation of how his life looked like during the period of time when he lived in Switerzland.
The text and the lecture agree in the aspect that Chevalier lived a very expensive, luxurious and enjoyable life; no lack of fun. They both also correspond about the question that he had to borrow money from a Swiss merchant several times. They disagree whether Chevalier could really afford this life filled with plenty walks to the casino and parties or if he only got immersed in a lot of debts and why he would have taken a credit. The text more thinks that he spent his money first and then had to find a way to get again to money so he could continue his lifestyle. The lecture take the part of saying that it is normal to borrow money, because before you can generate lots of money by yourself, you have to invest, hence, you need to borrow it.

The third issue that is treated is his meetings with Voltaire. One more both agree about the basic fact that this happenend. The text is just skeptical about the way this happenend. In his Memoire, it is said, Chevalier recitated lots of sentences that seemed to really have spoken out like this. The writer of the text thinks that this makes the Memoire inauthoritarian because it's not possible to rememember exact parts of a conversation that was held in the years when one was still very young.
The woman of the lecture responds with the explanation that writings were found where Chevalier had always written down what he had experienced at the moment, something like a diary. There also were several people that approved it.

Therefore we can conclude that Chevalier wasn't a chronic liar because somehow he always remained at the truth. Nobody says that it is forbidden to flourish a story a little. He has his supporters and opponents.