There are a lot of controversies in the case of the memoirs of Chevalier de Seingalt. The things he expierienced often sound so adventurous that people just don`t want to believe them.
The just heard presentation defends those experiences with reasonable arguments:

When Chevalier stayed in Switzerland, it is said that there was a lot of gambling and partying going on in his life. The money he spent on this expensive lifestyle was coming from the selling of his property, but since selling a whole property takes a while, he had to borrow money from other people at first. That still does not mean that he was poor, as this was stated in the text. The critics, it seems, only know half of the facts, in that case that  Chevalier borrowed money and thus were conviinced that he in fact was not as rich as he wrote in his memoirs.

There are also several conversations with the French revolutinary Voltaire written down in his book. It is widely known that Chevalier and Voltaire had ,met at least once and after every meet, Chevalier wrote down their conversation as to not forget words as important as they were. This was confirmed by witnesses who stated that Chevalier later often consulted his notes when creating his memoirs. Still, critics won`t believe in the accuracy of those conversations because they think no one could possibly remeber as many words as accurately for such a long time.

The probably most adventurous of the three histories is the following: Because of any reason whatsoever, Chevalier ended up in a prison in Venice, Italy.
He didn`t stay there for too long though, there is one thing that both sources agree in: He escaped. As for how he escaped is the question here. In his memoirs, he states that he made hole in the ceiling with a metal object and escaped through the roof. The heard presentation supports this argument by stating that poeple in Venice said the ceiling had to be repared. The critics in the text on the other hand don`t believe in this story. They just think he simply paid the jailers for letting him go.


