"Chevalier"

The Chevalier de Seingalt is known to be able to memorise lots of things in his life. However, we was a controversial figure but at the same time a source for the European society, since his memories have lasted so long with him. It is said that the Chevalier invented a lot of events to appear more glamorous and to show that he has a exciting life. In this essay, I am going to explain the controversy about him, his memories that are suspected to be unreal, but also explanations or reasons that may prove that he is right.

First of all, the Chevalier claims that he was very rich while he lived in Switzerland. However, it is known that he spent a lot of money on parties and gambling. It has been discovered that he must have borrowed a lot of money from a Swiss merchant to be able to finance his rich lifestyle. The oppinions on this differ, others say that in order to get money, he had to sell kind of a property to gain money. When he ran out of cash, he borrowed it.

Second, the Chevalier says that he remembers every conversations between himself and the famous writer Voltaire. Since it was written many years later, critics complain that the memoir cannot possibly capture all of the conversations precisely. It is nearly impossible to remember every conversation.
However, the opposite side claims that he had written down every conversation between him and Voltaire. Chevalier kept all the notes for many years, and was so able to memorise them.

Third and lastly, critics have also questioned the escape from a prison in Venice, Italy. Chevalier said that he escaped by using piece of metal to make a hole in the ceiling and escaping by climbing through the roof. Critics claim that it is more likely, that the jailers, who were with Chevalier, were bribed to free him. SInce he had a lot of politically well-connected friends in Venice, it could have been easy to have offered a bribe in order to escape from the prison.
Others say that he had more powerful friends than himself and because of that it would have been unlikely to offer a bribe to free him. The ceiling has also had to be repaired. We also have to consider that it is an old document.

To summarise, a human's memory can't be precise. It is a controversial subject, and I think we won't be able to find out the truth. Chevalier is the only one who keeps the real memories in his mind. 
