In the following I am going to analyze the statement "A teacher´s ability to relate with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught".

First of all I believe that a teacher should totally have a specific knowledge of a subject they are teaching. It is important, because they are sort of in charge of the students future, because of what they theach them. Teachers should make themselves clear that their job means to give students the necessary information about a topic at school, which the students cannot teach themselves. Furthermore they will probably get more respect from their students if they can show their huge knowledge to them.
I think that a teacher who knows quite a lot about his topics in class and who can teach this to students well, gets a better reputation in a students mind than a teacher who does not know important facts and needs to look up lots of things for example.

But, is it more important that a teacher can relate well with students than having an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?
I think that especially nowadays it is quite important that teachers can relate well with their students. We all have situations in our lifes that are not how we want them to be and we all have days where we just want to be on our own for example. I think it is necessary that in these situations a teacher is not the teacher anymore, but more like a helper. In my opinion a theacher should try to understand the problems of a student, who is often stressed, becasue of school or other issues. A teacher at school can be a quite good impartial person to talk to as a student.  

I personally believe that a teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. As I already said above, I believe that a better communication or almost connection between teacher and student can help the student during their time at school. Of course a teacher should have a specific knowledge about a subject, but In my opinion the understandment of a students situation is at least worth the same.