I agree with the statement that a teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught.
There are a lot of arguments pro and contra this statement. First I`m going to start with the pro ones.

Teachers have to teach their subject so they have to know what they`re doing. But a good knowledge does not make a good teacher. If a teacher can`t handle students, especially the very young ones, it sometimes leads to misunderstandings. Sometimes these kids also are afraid of the teacher because he or she acts very strict or because thay cannnot understand what he/she is teaching. As a result the studentes learn lesser in school, hoping every lesson to end soon, maybe be bored, afraid or unmotiveted.

A Teacher who can relate well to his/her students is often liked by the students what will give them a reason to follow the lesson. They have more fun in school and work with more motivation, maybe also bring new ideas. 

An argument against the statement is the following:
Teachers who do not have an excellent knowledge of their subject but can relate well with student might not be able to do a lesson accurately and to teach the students everything they have to know. These teachers often tend to talk a lot about unimportant things with their students or tell them stories of what they have experienced in life. When the subject is, for example, Italy, and the teacher should only need about two lessons to teach the students everything they must know, he/she uses about two week because all the lessons are filled with stories about the teachers last vacation in Italy. 

In my opinion, as said above, it is more important that a teacher can relate well with students because speaking as a student, a teacher who knows a lot but cannot relate with the students often does very boring lessond and is not liked at all while a teacher who understands the students and also sometimes talks about something that is not actually on the plan he should follow teaches a way more interesting than the other one.  