Pretty much everyone knows one. Teachers, wether from their own time in school or because of their children. And of course, every teacher has to know his subject(s), or does he? Maybe an eloquent way of relating to his pupils is even more important than a good knowledge of their subject.
In  primary school, many teachers teach lots of different subjects, even though many didn't study them. So here it is obvious that knowledge might be less important, as the student don't need to be tought everything but only the basics and a relatable teacher is more likely to get respected by the pupils. 
But when it comes to older students and therefore more challenging matter in school, the knowledge of a teacher becomes more and more important, because his or her classes need to be tought information, that is way more specific and complicated than it is in primary school (obviously). 
But that doesn't mean that relatability is not needed anymore. Because students usually prefer to learn, when the teacher is friendly. They pay more attention in classes, they are encouraged to ask questions and participate more in the lessons. 
But there is more. A teacher that can relate well with the student is more likely able to explain complicated things (eg. year 12 maths) to a student, that might have problems with it. 
Of course he can't do that, when he himslef doesn't even understand it himself, and can only explain it one way (or not at all). Maybe a better informed teacher could also do it differently and be more effective. 
So what is more important? Both sides have their arguments, but my personal opinion on the subject is, that a relatable teacher can do better teaching than a strict, but well informed one. Of course there is neither the one extreme example of a teacher or the other. A mix of both, knowledge of matter and students is probably the best way of being a teacher. I personally prefer the ones that are more relatable, because their lessons are more fun to be in and I have more joy lerning for that subject.



















































ROFL