Is it more important that a teacher is able to relate well with students or that he/she teaches the excellent knowledge of the subject? The following text will discuss this question.
Fact is that a teacher is a teacher to pass his knowledge about a certain subject onto the students. His duty is to teach. Which would basically speak against the fact that it would be more important that a teacher can relate to students. Another argument which speaks against the named question in the beginning follows the first mentioned argument. Since a teacher studied something to teach young people it is not necessarily important that he has a good connection to the people he teaches.Because his job simply is to pass on knowledge about a subject to younger people. For doing that a teacher does not have to be able to relate well with students.
But on the other hand: Is it not easier for young peole to learn when they like they teacher and get along well with him/her? Isn`t it more fun then? Fact is that probably the majority of students does not enjoy going to school and teachers are often uncool. If they could relate well with their teachers it would probably be more fun to go to school. Because probably every student knows that one teacher that actually can relate and is not that uncool like all the others. Not always these ``fun`` teachers have to be the youngest ones at school. Sometimes even the older teachers are fun and easy to relate to. If a teacher is able to relate well with students it basically always follows that this teacher also has a better connection to the students. And if students have a good connection to their teachers it is more fun to learn. For students it is nice to see that a teacher is n ot only interested in ones grades and how they appear in school, but when teachers also like to know who this person really is. A lot of teachers put students into a box very quickly just by how the appear in school. But a lot of young people act different in school than when they are at home or with their friends or wherever they feel more comfartable than in school. 
In my opinion a ``teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught``.
Basically all of the arguments mentioned above, that speak for the fact that it is more important that a teacher can relate well with students, are reasons for my opinion. Also speaking out of expericence it simply is more fun to go to school when one knows that teachers also care about one as a person not only as someone that has to deliver fantastic grades. Being judged by ones grades and not by ones personality is often the case at school.
That is why I think it is very important that a teacher is able to relate well with students rather than teaching the excellent knowledge of a certain subject.