The following text is showing the arguments for and against the qoutation "A techer´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." and in the end it is showing my own opinion.

On one hand it is very important that a teacher has a very good knowledge about the subject he is teaching the students. Every year it says that the students know less than they did ten years ago so we have to see that the importance of what is taught grows. If the teacher does not know what he is talking about how should a student get to know. What will he do if there is a student who is better informed than him about a theme? The student may kill the respect other students had and make the class laugh at the teacher. This can not be a nice feeling and so the confidence of the teacher is shrinking. He is not feeling comfortable in front of the class anylonger so going to work gets harder everyday and may end up in a ´Burn Out´. Also there is the question what did the person study for if he is not knowing about it well in the end. But only having a really good knowledge does not build a person who is able to explain this knwoledge as well as he does know it.
So on the other hand it may happen that students do not like this well-informed teacher and start doing things with their mobile phones during the lesson or other stuff like painting and so on. So having a good relationship with the students may help you getting their attention during the lesson. For a teacher it is also helpful having a class that is respecting him caused by this good relationship because it is giving him the possibility to have nice relaxed lessons. The class may raise the confidence of the teacher and if a person has to stand in the front of a group every day a good confidence is important especially if the person works together with children and teenagers who may be extremly unfriendly.
Teenagers and children sometimes have smaller or bigger problems with eachother so if there is a teacher who is able to relate with the students this ability may help the students find peace again in their group.

All in all I have to say that a teacher who is feeling good and cofident in front of a class is making me feel better as a student not knowing everything and may saying something wrong because if there is a teacher who knows everything it may seem harder for a student to say something in front of the whole group becaus the teacher may react extrem to a wrong answer of the student. So a teacher who is able to relate with students and to give them the knowledge they need for a normal life I am fine with that. If I want to study about one theme that interested me more than the others in the lessons I can to that after I finished school. 