In the following essay I want to response the answer If a teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

The relation between the theacher and the students is a very important part of the schooltime from the student. It´s imortant that you have respect to your teacher, but it´s wrong to have fear. To response the question I want to ask myself if I learn better if I have fun and a good relation to my teacher or do I learn better if there is no fun in the lesson and everybody do his own stuff without talking to the teacher or if you were talking to the teacher it were be normal question to the theme which you are working on. I say Yes! I want to have a good relation to my teacher, so if I have a problem I don´t have fear to ask him/her if he/her can help me. Maybe there is a problem in my family, than I think it´s important that the teacher knows whats going on and can help you. A negative aspect is that you have no concentration if you were talking to the teacher too much in the lesson. 
I´ve got a teacher which aks us every lesson he teach us if there is something we want to talk about or if we have a problem. So I think it´s a basic to have a good relation to your teacher because you won´t be alone with your problems and he/her can help you if you need help. Also in the lesson, you are more free in telling something and don´t have fear to say something wrong. I think it´s not so boring also, if you know the teacher is on your side and there is a familiar relation, so you know he won´t say anything he knows,leaves the room and you don´t know more than before. He/her want´s to help you and only the best for you. You can feel this if there is a teacher whcih hates his work and doens´t like it to be in your class or if there is a teacher who has fun in the lesson and a good relation to the students. All in one I want to say it´s correct, that it is more important, that the relation between teacher an student is good, than the excellent knowledge. If the whole class build a team with the teacher, it`s easier to work together for the resolution, than a class which don´t like his teacher. You don´t have motivation and fun and that is the wrong way! 