In the following text i will agree or dissagree to the statement below.

In my opinion it´s more important to have good teachers with many knowledge than have a teacher who is friendly and can relate well with students.
We, the students, go to school to learn something. If the teachers can´t teach us the subject corrct, we couldn´t do our final exam and we will repead the class again. The school will get closed because some day nobody will do his final exam at this school and this would be really bad for the school and all teacher, who will lost the job. Furthermore all schools have a social teacher who is there to resolve some probolems If the stundents have some. 
Its right that the stundents can learn more If the teacher is nice and friendly, but some students didn´t listen to them and make fun of them. Sometimes they also doens´t have any respect to the teacher and this isn´t goodl at all. So the teacher have to be a little bit friendly but at the same time responceble of the students and correct form to present the subject. 

All in all the teachers have to have an excellenbt knowledge of the subject and they have to gain the respect from students. The students can pass a good time at school with friendly teachers and good explained subjects.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































