In the following essay i am going to tell my opinion to the given statement.
First of all it should be clear if the knowledge relates to the teacher or the students. The teacher who is teaching a subject has to have an excellent knowledge of this subject. Otherwise the students would maybe learn wrong things. And even if he has a good relation to the students an excellent knowlegde of his subject is neccesary. The students should get this knowledge from the teacher so they know everything about this subject.
I think that this statement relates to the statement that you are good in a subject that you like. If the subject is being taught by a teacher who has a good relation to the students they can learn the subject better. They will look forward to this subject, because they like the teacher. I agree with the fact that every student can be a good student if he has a good teacher and that every student would like the lesson if they like the teacher who is giving this lesson. If you like doing something than you are opened to learn more about it. To conclude my aspects I say that a good teacher and a good relation to him is the foundation of learning better. 
I don´t agree with fact that this relation should be more worth than the knowledge the students get when they are being taught this subject. In the end a good relation to the teacher will not help them to apply for a college or for a job. In the end the knowledge they got in this lesson is the most important thing. But I also have to say that there is a difference between the knowledge and the grade they get in the end. You can be an excellent student with good grades but still don´t have a good knowledge about the things that you learned. And this fact that you just learn something so you can get good grades is a topic for the teachers. Some teachers just want their stundets to learn much about a topic so they can write a good exam. But I guess that teachers who can relate to their students and have a good relationship to them will not just teach the subjects so they can get good grades. I guess that a good teacher teachs a subject so the students will have a good knowoledge in the end. 
To conclude my aspects I want to say that the teacher´s ability to relate to the students is not more important then the knowlesge. 