In school is it important that the relationship between stundets and teacher ist honest and fair. Also it´s important that the students could ask the teacher if they have a problem or a question maybe abour school but even it´s okay if the students ask something about his private life. But in the case that the students  has some problems at home  and the theacher knows about  it the teachers have to accept if the students don´t want to talk about it because they´re only their teachers. The teachers main task in school is to teach the students as good as it´s possibile. Because they should prepare them for the real life, they should show them how to use grammar or how to speek with adults which aren´t your parents, so you have to use another tone of your language then. Also you have to know some about Maths or biology because some points which you learn in school you need in your real life or when you search a job or when you already have a job. I can´t really say whether I agree or disagree with the statements because I thing both points are in some case important. On one hand it´s important that teachers and students are fine to eachother but on the other hand it´s also important that the teachers know much about his subject because if they don´t know much they can´t teach their own knwoledge about this subject to students. I thinkt the best way for a good relationship between students and teacher is a way between this statement. Because you don´t need excellent knowledge because even a teacher is´nt perfect, so he also can´t know everything about his subject eventhough he studied it. I think a teacher made everything fine when students get out of school and knew half the information the teacher taught and if the students rememberd the teacher with good thougts because he was fair and honest and he helps you with problems in every situations. So the teachers job isn´t so easy as everybody thinks because they have to be social to the students while they make a good lesson which is some kind some of interesting and gives you 