I pressed eb









































































































































































































Relating well to students in school is a very important thing. Having fun in class can make learning more exiting, so if you have a teacher wich is fun and makes you get up faster in the morning, its the best thing you can have as a teacher to increase your work with the kids. A good knowledge is on the other hand not replaceable. The teacher is still a teacher and needs to do his work. Getting us ready for our abitur is not just important for us, but for the teachers image too. I think its better to have a good mixture of just having fun with the class and serious work that needs to be done beacause school isn´t just about fun. The best example for that is our english teacher Mrs.Schröder: She is the person everyone can relate to. Her lessons are fun and interesting too. She knows not just the subject, but each and every student and his charakteristics too. I think that is a very rare thing in these days. Another teacher is Mr.Bejeuhr. He is one of the cleverest persons I have ever met, but if you have latin with him as the teacher, you get shivers every time he enters the room. The class is so quiet that you can hear a needle bounce. And even, he is a nice person if you look closer, I think this is the wrong idea of theaching. But in fact i´ve never had a teacher who knows nothing or "to less" about his or her subjekt. In elementary school there was an englishteacher googling (?) words she didn`t know, but not to often. So to finish this of: As I wrote above I think it`s the best thing to have a little bit of mixture between fun and serious work, because it can increase the learning heavily to have children want to join a discusion or ask another question, but knowledge can`t be fully replaced by fun or realating good to the students. So I disagree with the statement but I´m not recommending to bann fun out class complete, but instead I recommend to take time with the class and try to get to know how to make them have fun in lessons as a teacher