People often argue on whether the importancy of a teacher's ability to relate well with students was more important than teaching them only knowledge. In the following, I will comment on that. 
Critics often fear that if the teacher would relate too much with their students, grades could easily be only based on their sympathy rather than their real abilities, which could often be seen as not fair and not professional. But as schools would see the importancy of a good relation between students and teachers, the schools could therefore support special trainings in which the teachers are taught how to get along with their students and how to relate to everyone, not only certain people, so that they would still somehow be able to be professional, to give them the grades they deserve. 
Additionally, many people, especially teenagers, suffer from problems with their family or mental health problems like depression, especially nowadays, which often leads them to not be able to concentrate well on school, even though they are still pretty smart. The teacher who can relate to his students could therefore understand his students better and understand their suffering, maybe even help them, rather than ignoring it and giving him not more than bad grades. Also, as students spend such a long period of time in schools, they need someone to relate to, someone they can talk to also in their school, especially when they suffer from the problems mentioned above. They need to have someone they can trust when something happens, as teenagers often tend to think that nobody would care about them or their problems and can often not talk to their families or friends. Lastly, teachers should often be seen as some kind of a role-model for their students, as the young student is still learning how to live and how to go through his life, the teacher should therefore also teach them how to treat others well and how to support others, understand them, rather than being a stone-cold person.  
School is to be seen as so much more than a place where people learn basic knowledge they need to know in their life, to get a good job and so on, even though it is obvious that the teacher's knowledge is also really important, he should obviously not be teaching them nothing, but should the way of teaching be learn-friendly and supporting, so that every student can be taught things in a nice and fair atmosphere. Therefore, I am certain that it is really important that the teachers have a good relation with their students and support them, and not only teach them everything possible about every topic. 