Is a teacher's ability to relate more important than the knowledge taught in school?
The german school system is currently a complete mess. School is not a fun thing to do for most student's and teacher's aswell. But why is that so?
School doesn't help student's how to do stuff. They are just being thought what tool to use to get a problem fixed. Instead of learning how to calculate on your own, we are given an calculator which does all the work. 
This is a major problem. Student's can't have a good life if they can't even do basic stuff on their own.
This doesn't mean, that student's should only go to school to learn. Teacher's can have a big impact on a student's future. If young student's are being thought by an old man, who doesn't know, what a student's problems might be, the chance that the student's are interested in that what the teacher want's to teach, are pretty low. But if there is a young teacher, who knows excactly how student's function, the chance that they are going to learn stuff and are interested, are pretty high.
But if 90% of school time is just a huge socializing act, they are not gonna learn. The right knowledge is key to success. This is the problem on most german schools. Stuff like "How to work with a PC" or "How does taxes work and how do I pay them?" are being left out. If school is just to speak about problems with the teacher, than it would be a failure.
Yes, teachers need to work with the student's and not against them. This is also true for the student's. They need to work with the teacher's and not against them. But this can't happen if idiots are going in the same class with geniuses. Some student's need more time to learn. Some less. So if a teacher want's to relate with multiple student's at once, they need to be on the same skill level.
The german school system needs a complete workover, so that a teacher has the chance to relate with all students at once and not only a  small number in class.
To come to an end. I agree that teacher's need to relate at least a bit with the student's, so that learning is a fun activity and not something you need to do. But the most important thing in school is to learn. And this shows another problem. If the school system is a nightmare, than neither will happen. For a succesful life, excellent knowledge is key, but these can't be brought to student's if there is someone who can't teach it, because they can't relate, what is important for the student's. So a teacher's ability to relate is now way more important than knowledge, but its something that needs to be there to help the students learn.