On some point the statement is right because it is better for students to learn something about a subject when the teacher can explain a subjet without being so focused on the subject. A teacher has to be flexible an has to explain some points in his own words. But on the other hand there could be a problem when the teacher is to focused on the subject because in some times students want to be teached in another way an if it is every time the same than the students stop thinking about the subject because they do not want to talk every day about the same subject. If they have more abilities to try something out than they are more focused on there exercises and they want to learn something more. If the teacher has the excellent knowledge about something it could also be a problem for him when the students do something wrong because he knows what ist right and what is wrong and there are some people with the problem when someone makes a mistake. But it could be also a good point for stundents because they learn something from someone who knows what he ist talking about and who makes not so much mistakes when he is explaining something and that is good for the students future because they do not have the problem in future when they have to learn everything new because of the mistakes of a teacher. And if there is an exam it is also better for their work in their exam. But if there is the problem which I already talked than it is a problem for the students. But there are also teacher with the knowledge about a subject but it does not mean that the teacher can explain the subject well. An example: When there is a teacher in the subject maths and the students do not understand what he is talking about than the students have the problem with understanding the subject and they have problems in the exam. But when there is a teacher who explain the subject in his own words and there are some students who did not understand what he is talking about than he can explain it with other words for those stundents and the students could try to understand that with other words. 
I think that it is better to habe a teacher who can relate well with students because those teachers are better for the students because the students like to learn something when they understand the subject. So they have fun to learn something new because when they do not understand what they are learning than they do not have fun to learn at home for an exam because they think that they get a bad exam back so they do not learn and the result is in the most time a bad exam and maybe a discussion at home. But if there would be a teacher in the middle of both than it would be perfect because the students could learn with fun and they learn something from someone with the excellent knowledge of the subject and the exam would be better for everyone. So I can agree with the statement in some cases but not at all because of the middle of both kinds of teachers which are also at schools and which are mostly the populares at the school because they are the "coolest" teacher. So I can say that both teachers alone are not the best ones for the students because they have both negative points and positiv points.