Being a student isn´t always as easy as our parents think. It isn´t about going to school, sitting in the classroom, listening to our teachers, it is rather about learning how to comunicate with each other, how to deal with the mood of our teachers and especially about how to get along with everything we are taught. 
I am always asking myself whether we should also be able to personally interact with our teachers or if there isn´t any realationship and the only thing that counts is the excellent knowledge of the subject we students are taught.

In my oppinion both parts are important. Imagining children who have certain problems understanding the things they are taught, it rather counts the fact that the teacher is willing to explain the content of a lesson again. That in turn means this teacher has to realte well with a student because otherwise he would show that he didn´t tolerate a missunderstanding of a student. So understanding a student and his problems also is a part of ineraction between student and teacher and in turn creates a certain relationship between them.
Moreover it goes without saying that in most cases, in which  communication between adults and children doesn´t work,  both of them, parents and children aren´t happy with how they use to live. And its the same with teachers and students. If a teacher isn´t able or willing to understand his students, that might cause some problems. They could get in an argument with each other and that would neither help the students to understand the things that are taught, nor shows a positive side of the teacher. 

Besides the teacher´s ability to realte well with his students, it is of course important that he shows an excellent knowledge of the subject he is teaching. But as I said before, it doens´t only count that a teacher knows everything about a subject, it is rather important to know HOW to explain it so that the students understand it. 
In conclusion I have to say that understanding and realting well with students helps to improve the students motivation to work at school. 
We alsway feel more comfortable if we know, a teacher understands that we don´t get things with one explanation.
