First of all I think a teacher should understand the subject being taught or else he won't be able to teach the students. Excellent knowledge is almost impossible to have, but the teacher should at least know where he can find the information he wants to teach.
I think it could be good, if the teacher sees the difficulties in a subject, so he sees where his students are or could be struggling. In that way the teacher will explain the subject or the specific topic more detailed and clearly. It will be easier for the students to understand if the teacher relates to the students. For example if a students asks a question, the question might seems simple and easy, but sometimes there could be a question that should have been asked before, but the student doesn't know that this aspect is important for his other question. So if there is a teacher who can relate to his students he might understand that his student has questions and problems that lie deeper. 
On the other hand relating to his students can be important for the childrens' health. The teacher might be able to see psychical problems and will talk to the parents or another professional person for help. Another reason for seeking help could be if the student is really bad in the subject. If the child is always bad in the lesson, the teacher might see this and will talk to the student or his parents. That way the childrens' grades might improve with a little bit of help or extra work. 
Today a teacher is a person who sees these children very often and now has the task to look after his students. If he just ignores the students and consequently teaches his subject, some students are going to suffer.
Another aspect in relating to the students is the sympathy between the teacher and the students. If there's a teacher who doesn't understand his students at all, there will be a conflict. The teacher won't be able to help his students or understand their questions, so the teacher must have empathy to be a good teacher.
To sum it up I think that both aspects are important, but relating to the students is more important to me than excellent knowledge about the subject. I agree with the statement.