A teacher`s ability to relate well with studients ist more importent than exellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
Who do not know how importent it is, that teacher and studiens have a god conection between each other? This ist not only at Teachers and studients normaly.  If you like your mum, you will do every shitt work for her with aut a protest. If your frends always will be ther for you, you will go to her/him an help him and do not go to an party or an sport event. It is a very social piont. if you like your teacher, you will listen to him, do homework taht is bowring and do more for the subjekt than in an other subjekt, wher you "hate" the teacher. You learn better, if you like the teacher, because it is realy easy to follow his voice.
 But to like his teacher like a frend is also a problem. if he have to be angry, because of... an realy bad test or something else, it is realy diffecult to stay in a good mute to the teacher. You have to like him after this "problem" already. An a lot of people don`t can seperat problems and fun. If a teacher have teh same friendsship to his class like the studiens have to him, he maby can`t realy be angry. That is more problematik than the studients have a temporaly troblem with his teacher. Because of a easy question. Do you like to be angry with people you like? Nowbody like that. So one or two teachers have the problem, that he can`t be very angry with the studiets, because he like them to much. 
 Exellent knowledege of the subject being taught isn`t important? Now.
 I already say: If you like a teacher, you will lissen to his voice. But if the voice tell you nothing important, you cant learn. This is the piont at school. you will learn. it is not important, how nice the teacher is. You have to learn samthing. you haven`t learned something? you will wrote a terrible classtest. And why can that  be great? It isn`t. A teacher have to know, what he tell his studients. It have to stand in conntens with things, that he already learned and to be easy to understand.
All in all a good teacher is a person, who understand his students an are nice but have to stay a person you can give respekt. they have to know, what they wont to tell his students and what they don`t have to know. A great teacher help but and gave students exercises that they let grow up. A teacher`s abillity to reate well with students ist imprtand, but exellent knowledege of the subject being taught is also an important fact of good lessens.