To the following statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" I can agree and disagree.
A teacher should have a good relation to their students because when they are disrespectful and mean, the students aren't happy and motivated to go to school. They would start to think that school isn't important or they are afraid  because of the bad behavior of the teacher.
When there is a nice and friendly teacher who would like to support every student by their knowledge, the students would be happier and more motivate so they learn much more.
The students would trust the teacher and maybe that leads to a conversation between teacher and student where the student tells the teacher about his problems (family, school, etc.). So the teacher could help and supoort him.
Another point is that a good relation between the students and the teacher would give a good climate in class, everything is calm and respectful. And when there would be an argument one day they could find much faster a solution in peace.
They also would have better class trips or they would do extra class trips where the students could learn something new for example in a museum.
But an excellent knowledge of the subject is also very important because the students have to learn something thats why they are going to school. And when the teacher don't have the knowledge he/she can't teaches them. The students wouldn't learn something or they learn not that much like when the teacher has an excellent knowledge about the subject.
The parents would start to call the school or come personally to the director and would speak with the school or him, because a good education is also important for the parents of students. A mother or father mostly wants a good education because their son or daughter should have a good job.
And the conversation could lead to that the teachers who haven't an excellent knowledge get fired. When there aren't many teachers at schools anymore, some schools could get closed and the students haven't the change to learn that much.
The school, the teachers who are left and the students would get stressed.
The school needs new teacher, the teachers have to teach more classes and the students have a change of teachers.

So both is very important for 