Many people, politicians and also parents, think about how to develope education. They ask themselves whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
To answer that question, it is really important to reflect about what a good teacher is, and how children and teenagers learn the most from him. 
While the ability to relate well with students improves the atmosphere in class, the knowledge of the teacher influences the quality of the lesson.
Both is important for a good lesson, so that we may say, both characteristics are important. 
But which is more important? 
If children and teenagers feel understood and well in class, their will to concentrate on certain topics will raise higher. A good relation to the teacher may be good to build up the feeling of understanding eachother. 
Although this good relation improves the atmosphere and the will to learn, very good relations between students and teachers are questionable. There developes the danger of certain problems for the children: They maybe feel as if they have to show their teachers how well they develope and because they know eachother well, the feeling to be put under pressure to overcome expectations rises. 
A very personal relation could also lead to a falling authoriziced relation. The students might see the teacher as a kind of friend who is not a teaching, authoric peron anymore.
Nevertheless, if a student sees his teacher also like a friend, they may have a person they can go to, if they have grave problems or situations cannot handle, also not with their parents.
Whether this is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject?
Expercts would argue about this, because answering this question means defining education. Teacher and the school are in my personal opinion there to lead students to a way of thinking which reflects and tolerates.
To show students how to reach this, it is not that important to know everything exactly about a subject.
Nevertheless, a person who knows a lot is most of the time more reflecting,so that he could be a better rolemodel and teacher. Additionally, there are more intellect discussions and arguments, if a intelligent person leads the class. 
All in all, a good relation and excellent knowledge are working well together, so that both aspects should be fullfilled by a teacher to reach the goal of interactive and intelligent lessons.
The mixture of the ability to relate with students and knowledge lead to an atmosphere, in which the will to learn can develope the best. 
In my opinion both has the same importance.   