In the following text I will write about whether I agree or disagree with the statement named in the task.

As a first argument there is to say, that students go to school because they have to and want to learn something and not mainly because they want to find new friends in teachers. It means that teachers should have enough knowledge to teach the topics that are given by the state. But otherwise students have more fun at school with a teacher who is nice and is a bit more spontaneous with what they teach. And if the students have more fun in school, they are more interested in class and aren't bored of school, what is really important for their opinion of school and furthermore for their education. Another argument against the statement is that teachers get paid for their work as teachers and not as liked persons by the students. They get paid for teaching students and educate them instead of having nice talks with their students and make fun with them. But in the opposite, as already named, students learn more if they aren't bored of their teacher and the subject they should learn, so a good relation to their teacher is really helpful. Another supporting argument is that students that have a good relation to their teacher aren't afraid of talking to teachers about problems they have, e.g. in school, and so can solve these problems easier, which leads to a better education and maybe a less difficult childhood.

Regarding the listed arguments, I think that the teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject, because students are more interested in learning the subject than they are with a teacher without this ability. But in my opinion, a well teacher should be smart enough to have this ability but also know enough of the subject because he can make lessons more interesting if he knows the topic well enough to teach it than if he doesn't know much about the topic and just reads out pages of books. If teachers know about the topic, they can teach in a way that the students can follow him well and are interested in the topic.