I think that statement is only half right.A teacher needs to know how to speak to children and how to prectise them things but he also needs a good knowledge in his subjekt. I would say you can differenciate between a primery school and middle school. In primary school a teacher has to know many physical aspects to help his students in class but also when they are playing in the brakes or just conversate with each other. When the children learn, there has to be someone who take care of them and show them the right way. They dont only learn writing and reading, they also learn how to behave. A teacher of a primary school knows enough about his subjekt to teach the students, its just importent how much experience he has with children. Its different in Middle School. There the teachers need a good knowledge about their subject.The most teenagers have decided if they are interested in learning for school or not. They dont need someone to take care of them or show them how to deal with life because they are old enough. In that case its important that the teachers can teach their students a lot of stuff, because they want to be well prepared for the ongoing part of their life, for example studying or working. I know some teachers on my school who dont really know about their subject well enough, so some clever students have to correct them at some points. Thats not really helpful for the students who want to leran about that subject, because the teacher only has a basic knowledge in his subject. But its also very importent that teachers can really teach you the stuff they know. A teacher can be very clever and know about everything, but if he cant give his knowledge to the students its worthless. This example can be shown well in math, because the teachers always know everything about their subject, but some of them just write thing on the board and think evrybody understands that. If a math teacher cant change in a students way of seeing an exercise, he wont be a good teacher. An other thing is, that students need a rolemodel in something, to learn from this person. If a sports teacher always just talks about how you have to do a jump or something like that, students dont know how to really do it and wont have the motivation either. When the teacher does the jump himself and shows the students how it goes, its way more interesting for them and they will be more engaged. 
All in all I think its not important, if there is a teacher on a primery or midlle school or what subject it is, a teacher has to know enough about his subject but also has to know how he can show the students the work and how he can motivate them.