A teacher in a school is a very important person. I think they are the key to our knowledge we can reach. Education in school is important too because it can decide about the following time after school and your chance with the job you gain or have.
I think it is difficult to say if the abiloty to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Both posibilities can be important. 
On the one side students who do not like their teachers or if the teachers do not like a specific student it is very difficult to have fun in school and maybe you do not like to learn or go to school because of this reasons.
It can be a very big problem if the relationship between teachers and students is not good as it can be. You do not have benefits, not the teachers and not the students who are taught. When the teacher know where you as a student have your problems with learning or understanding and the teacher relate well with them it is much easier to help the students with their problems or missunderstanding.
On the other side an excellent knowledge of the subject which being taught can be important too. When your teacher knows much about for example the nature in Germany you can learn more than teachers who does not know much about this topic. Maybe when your teacher have a better knowledge than other teachers you have benefits in your following life.
All in all I can say that a teacher's ability to relate with students is a bit more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught because when you do not relate well with a teacher or the teacher with you there can be more problems than when the teacher do not have a excellent but a good knowledge. If a teacher have a good personality or character and can understand you also in questions of life or other things, learning in school makes more fun and you like to go to school.
Because of this your education you earn can be better as when the teacher have a bad personality and also can not teach the students.