I think that abiltity to relate to students and the ability to teach in a way that the subject that is talked about is understood by the student is more important than excellent konwledge of the subject. If the teacher is unable to explain the topic thaan even the greastest knowledge is useless. Let's say that in English class the topic ios Romeo and Juliet. The teacher of the class has wriiten is final exam in univerisity about this drama. He is really enthusiastic about it since hew knows a lot about the drama and likes it a lot. He wants the students to see why it is a really good drama and some of them might even like it as much as him. But, he really has problems explaing this hard text to his students and expects that they have at least some konowledge already. The mood is the class is getting worse and start to not attend the class and start to dislike the teacher becaus of his boring style of teaching. Teacher on the other han isn't able to understand the problems of the stundents and can't answer questions in a comprehensable way. This outstanding piece of literature could simply be dislked by his students and possibly many other students for no actual reason.
A different teacher talks about Romeo and Juliet as well but she had problems with it herself and the content of the drama got thaught to her in a more simlpe way. She is able to explain thge topic to the stundents in a comprehenalbe way. She doesn't go into detail as much as the first teacher but her students don't get bored and acually listen to what she says. They attend for the whole semester and have a really good relation to their teacher since she is able toexplain everything easily and is able to answer questions. This might only be to alimited amount so she herself mioght even be able to learn something as well.
So the first teacher has the greaster knowledge has the greater knowledge but it is useledd because his students can't understand it and their relation also suffers because of that.
The second teacher has a good realtion to her students and she is able to explain the knowlege she posses in a way that is easy to understand for her students and they are able to used their acquired knowledge. 
