How a teacher relate with students is a difficult topic. The following essay should handle this topic.
First it is important on which kind of school the teacher and students are. Is it a primary school or a secondary school? What should the students learn? Should the students do their A-levels or something else.
In primary school it's better for the students to understand a topic if the teacher can explain it well. Also if the students are young they have to learn how to learn, what school means to them, they should also learn what friendship is and how to behave in an arguement. In this young age learning all topics as best as they can is not in the foreground. And to teach somebody how write and how to write the letters, it dosen't need a very high level of intelligence. If a teacher works with difficult students, maybe they come from a difficult situation at home or have a difficult situation with their friends, it is also helpful for the teacher if he know how to handle this students, because they can not learn from the best teacher, who know the most. They have to understand first, how important school is. In this both cases it is more important how the teacher relates with the students. 
But if the students should do their A-levels or go to college it is more important, that their learn the most. A teacher who teach on this higher level haven't to explain a topic as best if he can, he should try it as best if he can, but if the students don't understand it, they have to understand it on theiryselves, because they know how to learn. Also a teacher who knows more than his/her students is more accepted by their students.
I think it depends on which level of knowlege the students have and also what is the destination for them going to school. It should be a mix of both, the knowlege should be higher as the students have and also the relationship between teacher and students is important. You can not have te best teacher in explaining if he/she dosen't know anything or the other way around, a teacher who knows all about a topic but dosen't know how to explain it. If a teacher find the right way between this both aspects it is a good teacher. 