4In the Following essay i will declare my point of view for the Statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more importent than excellent knowledge of the subject beeing taught.

First of all a Teacher has to Know his subject to be able to teach it, even if he is able to relate well with Students. It doesen't helps the Students to the Love the Teacher but dont learn anything about the Topic.

Otherwise, if a Teacher is able to relate well with Students, they will have much more Fun with Learning in School and the Students can Learn the Topic much easier.  For Example: If a Teacher hates Students and Only gives them Long writing exercises the Students will Hate that Lessons and they will Shut down there Heads. But If the Theacher makes an interactive fun and at the same time informative Lesson, the Students will be Open-minded for the Topic and won't have any problems keeping the Stuff they Learn.

But on the other Hand, Teachers that are Too nice to there Students, maybe will loose controll about them and then they wont Learn That much anymore. Thats not the Goal of an School. An Example for this is my Old School: We had an Really Nice Musik Teacher, but he wasn't able to Handle the Students, so instead of doing School stuff, the Students only made what they wanted to do and the Teacher was too nice to Stop them From that.

But Again Teachers that have a good relation to theire Students, can easily see if a Student has Problems with the Topic and then can individually help him with solving it. Teachers that only look on there Subject maybe oversee the Students Problem and he won't be able to handle the Lesson and has to repeat that Class. In the First Years of school this don't has to be a Problem, but in the Abitur Classes this Could Destroy the Life of That Student, who then cant Study what he wanted to.

So in Conclusion, the statement above isn't fully True. We need Teachers that have a good Relation witht ehre Students so the Can Learn the Topic mopre easiely and get help of they need it, but its almost as Important that the Teacher have an excellent knowledge of the subject, and gives this knowledge to there Students.

