It's really different what students think is important. The most here would say they just want to have nice lessons with their teachers so they can talk to each other for having less lessons but in other countries where the education is not such high, they would prefer if their knowledge is excellent. 
There are positiv and negativ sides for both. 
On the one hand side it's really important that the contact between the teachers and the students is really well. Because of that the pupil would follow their lessons more carefully and the atmosphere is better. I would say as better the atmosphere in the classrooms as better the students can study and want to study so the motivation is higher. But on the other hand it wouldn't be good for them who aren't able to have a good relationship to their teachers. They maybe wouldn't be able to stay in the class anymore. But you can say if the whole class has got a good relationship it would be good as long as the teacher doesn't make the marks on how nice the pupils are. I think that's almost the biggest problem.
But coming to the next point an excellent study is really important. If the pupils want to go to college or university they need to have great marks and they need education. So if the school was just about having fun or having a good relationship to teachers the pupils are not able to finish the college well. This is bad for their future so they have no chances on great jobs. 
Finally you can say it's important to have a really excellent knowledge for the future but you can get it easilier if the relationship to your teachers is really good. For example as well if you got questions you would ask teachers you like more or to who you got a good relationship first than teachers you don't like or from who you think he or she doesn't like you. as well if you got problems either at home or in the school teachers are there to help you. It's part of their job so you need a good relate to them if it should be possible to do something against the problems or this problem.