The topic of this essay will be if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 
This statement means that it is more important that teachers can relate to their students than to know what they are teaching them. 
So first of all we have to ask ourselves why people would rather like teachers who can relate to them than teacher who can teach the subject they are supposed to teach. Many students get the feeling that their teachers cannot relate to them and therefore are not capable of teaching them right because they put themselves higher than the students. The school is a place were the students should learn something and as they feel like somebody cannot relate to them, they might feel treated with disrespect. Being treated with disrespect results into not being interested in the persons who treats them wrong which results into teachers not being able to teach their subjects right. Even the slight feeling of disrespect could result into that. 
But however, the teachers need to be aware of the subject they are teaching because if they are not, they can not answer the questions the students might have. Furthermore you cannot teach somebody something you are not capable to explain. So even when the teacher can relate to you, it does not automatically mean that he is a better teacher than the one who have an excellent knowledge of the subject they are teaching but can not relate to their students. 
A good teacher always has to be able to relate to his students but at the same time also to be aware of the subject they are teaching. 
Almost everybody preferes to be taught by somebody who knows what he is talking about, who can explain and can give examples, maybe also tells you about his personal experiences. A teacher who has the ability to teach with all of his heart, has a greater value than any other teacher. Even though there should be a healthy balance between being a teacher who teaches and being a teacher who can relate to his students. 
In former times, I had a teacher who, on the one hand, could teach very well and who could explain too but on the other hand, favoritised some of his students and gave them better grades than the others. He was not a very nice human and could not relate to all of his students but nevertheless we all have learned a lot through him. Sometimes, in some periods of your schoollife, you have to get a rough teacher who maybe is not that nice as a human but who teaches you how to behave and evidentually his subject of course. 
My final answer to the question mentioned in the beginning, is that a teacher's ability to relate well with students can be very important but all in all not more important than having an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught and being capable of explaining as well as answering ones questions.     