There are two options to the topic, is it more important that a, the teacher can relate well with students, or b, if it is better when they have exellent knowledge of the subject they teach.
If the teacher is able to relate with students, or has a good relationship with them, it may be easier for the students to get what the teacher wants to say or explain. Because if the teacher knows what is going on in the students heads he could be able to try and make the lessons fit for the individual students, so they understand things better. It is also much more fun if the lesoons are a bit more relaxed, but you are learning the stuff you have to, to graduate. 
It also makes it a lot easier to learn for essays or do your homework when you know it is appreciated and the lessons are fun.
Of course it is important, that a teacher has perfect knowledge of what he or she is teaching. But if the lessons turn to endless monologs and a lot of technical terms, that are impossible to understand as a student, the lessons get boring. 
That ends in not having fun in school and not being motivated to voluntarily do something at home for this specific subject.

I Think the best way of teaching is, if the teacher knows what he or she is talking about, but can also relate to us as students. The thing is, that we do not only have one to three subject we have to be very good in, we have up to thirteen subjects. That means we have to learn for all of them, because we write long and hard classtest about every subject. 
If the lessons are just boring and we get tons of homework that we have to do, that turns into no motivation to do something for school. The problem with no motivation in one subject is, that it will for sure turn in no motivation for the other subjects too. 
Now, we have to graduate, that means we have to learn the stuff we get taught, otherwise we do not get a good job, it is an endless circle. So the pressure of having to graduate and having to have a job to live always sits in our neck. 
What do we do when there is no motivation left. We have to somehow get everything in our heads, which is very hard and tiring after a long day of school. 
It gets harder to concentrate, even when we still are in school. It is not only that we have to get up very early in the morning, but we also have to stay in school for a very long time. 
Then when we come home, we do not have anytime to relax, because whe have to get our homework done. 
Freetime seems to be gone and when there is time left, it is often hard to get yourself up to do something with friends or such. 
It is even harder if you have a time consuming hobby, which you love to do. You have to set prioritys and decide what is more important. Often the hobby has to be the second choice.  