In the following essay I will critizise the statement given in the task. It's about teacher's abiliy to relate with students and their knowledge of the subject that is being taught and which of these traits is more important. 

In school you have a lot of different types of students with different family backgrounds and even more different types of teachers. You have many subjects being taught and everybody prefers different ones. Some subjects may be more important than others, comparing maths for example to music class. In maths its absolutely important to have a teacher you who can explain new things while in art for example you have to be concentrated on your work and either you like to give your best while working on a project or you don't, but the teacher isn't as important as in other subjects I think. 

Now the question is what defines a good teacher, this may also be different for everyone. Some prefer a teacher who is calm and nice while others need a teacher who puts a bit of pressure to get the pupils to study. But all in all you can say that there are some teachers who relate quite good with students and others who don't. A few of teachers may even scare students and others don't get any respect at all. I think it's very important for teachers being able to work with the students and explain things and have a good relationship with them. For me it's even more important than having a teacher with the absolutely knowledge but not being able to teach it. It's better to have maybe a lower knowledge level of something than knowing nothing because the teacher wasn't able to explain. I think school is next to education also a place for friendship and phsychological aspects. Some people have problems at home or with their parents and school is a kind of refuge for them and then it could be great to have a teacher you can talk to. A knowledge of course isn't unimportant for teachers because their job is to give people a higher education, but more important it is to be able to be a kind of friend for the pupils because if that's the case both sides are enjoying going to class and this is the first step to a good education.