In the following essay I will state my own opinion on the question if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
I think it's very important for teachers to have a good relationship with their students. It simply makes many things for both sides easier: For example students feel more encouraged to ask questions in class when they can be sure that they won't be judged by the teacher, which helps them to understand the subject better. And the teachers just feel better when they know that their students won't try to torment the class instead of studying.
But what exactly is a good relationship between teacher and students? It shouldn't be too personal of course. After all, it's the teacher's job to teach their students - and the student's obligation to listen. In my opinion, a teacher who relates well with his students should be nice and caring, but also fair. There are not many things worse than a teacher who openly shows who his favorite students are and who aren't. But there are also many teachers who want to make the relationship between them and their students look just like a friendship. That shouldn't be their main goal either. Especially younger students often forget that teachers are neither friends, nor their parents, but simply people who are obligated to teach them the stuff they need to know for the rest of their lives (or for the next exam). A close friendship between a teacher and a student can be problematic in many ways - and it also can influence the respect the teachers get from their students. For many students, a teacher who acts like he's their good friend seems cool at first, but it also can teach the students that they don't have to give him the same amount of respect they would usually give to a person like this.
So the right mindsetting concerning how to act around one's students ís very important. But is it really more important than the teachers excellent knowledge of the subject?
I don't think so. Maybe the students feel better when they have a teacher who is always supportive and kind, but if that means that he won't teach them the right things it doesn't help them at all. It's the teachers task (which he should be fully aware of) to know all the things he need to teach the students. Of course it's better to have a friendly teacher who can relate well with you, but if that means you'll end up leaving the class and not knowing a single thing about the subject, the whole thing was pretty pointless.
Students don't necessarily need to be friends with their teacher to understand the things being taught in class. It can help a lot - but it isn't necessary. So in my opinion it's not more important for a teacher to be able to relate well with his students than their excellent knowledge of the subject they have to teach, but the other way round.