We are living in a time where is more and more critizements about teachers and their relation to their students. Today I`m going to discuss the statement: "A teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

At first it is important to say that the raletion to the teacher is essential for the willing of students. Students who are not as intelligent as other students are can learn many things when they got the right attitude. 
Excellent knowledge of the subject that you teach does not help you to bring the students to learn these things. They need to get motivated and fastinated by the lessons you give and the information you tell them.
If you have a bright spectrum of terms you know it is on the one hand a productive decision to teach your knowledge to other people but on the other hand you need competetive methods and a good relation to your students. If you really want to teach students succesfully you need to be respected by them. Without any respect there is no attention on what you say, you will not come forward with your plan of the things you want to teach and the grades at the end of the year will also not be good.
An ability to relate well with students is based on trust and respect. You need to be helpful and social to have a good relation and future with your students and if you are able to get respect from your students you will need to use this respect of them to form it into motivation, trust and maybe also fun. When you are able to form this kind of realtionship between you and your students you will have a productive time and future with them and they will be quite motivated to do their homeworks and learn for tests and exams. There are always some exceptions but in general it is important to deal with your students than do your own thing and be not interested in their opinions and thoughts.

In the end I would agree with the statement:" A teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject you taught." Good knowledge is a term you need to be a competetive teacher but without the ability to relate well with your students you will not suceed any goals and your students will not work like they are able to.