The relation between teachers and students is for many young people a very important thing that will decide if they finish school successful or if they suffer. But is it really most important that a teacher relates welll with his or her students or does the knowledge of the teacher excuse a bad relationship between teacher and students?
Well, there are many teachers, espeacially in the scientiefic subjects, who have an excellent knowledge of their subject and are really well educated so they can teach their subject with many details and are able to answer the questions the studenst might have. For a student who isn't good at maths for example, it is very important that a teacher can explain things well, otherwise the student would probably have so many problems in maths that it could be a risk for his whole school life. 
Moreover, it might be fun if a teacher talks a lot to the students and is calm and relaxed, but in fact it's not usefull at all for students who should actually lern things and not just have fun in class. Especially for our "Zentralabitur" the knowledge which the teacher gives to his students is unbelievably important because the students get their exercises from the ministry of education, no matter what they relly have learned in class.
On the other hand, I think that a good relationship between theachers and students can make school a lot easier and better for students.
First, not every person that has a great knowledge must be a good teacher, too. There are enogh teachers that only write their formulas and figures at the board without even caring about the students and without wondering if they understand the topic or not. In this case, a good teacher would be one who cares about his students and who really WANTS them to understand everything which includes that he tries to develope a good "ability to relate well" with his students. 
Furthermore I have made the experience that school can be something students are afraid of if there are some teachers who only want the students to learn, work and be good. Students who are afraid of school can only feel better if there are also teachers who think about the feelings of their students and who also take care of them. For those students, the relationship is the most important thing because they don't have to be afraid of suffering for example and know that there is someone who tries to help them and not only wants them to get excellent grades.
As a conclusion I can say that I totally agree with the statement above. Of course it must be guaranteed that a teacher knows his subject and can teach it well, but to help students finishing school successful and happy, the relationship between teacher and students is more important because it makes students feel safe and 