A good teacher is supposed to help his students learn about a certain subject the best they can. To do that he has to have knowledge about the subject, which he can share with the students, but if he does not relate well with students this knowledge will not do him any good, because they might not listen or respect him. These two facts depend on each other in a certain way. 
If the teacher would not know a lot about his subject he would not have much information to share with his class. Even if he had a good relationship with his students, in the end they would not learn anything. 
I do think it is important that the teacher is on good terms with his students, because that way they will learn quicker and easier, because they enjoy going to his classes and listening to him. This does not leave out the fact that the teacher must have a wide range of knowledge and information about his subject. 
On the other hand there could be a teacher who is very well educated and smart when it comes to his subject, but for some reason he can not connect with his students. These students would probably learn just as much as they would from a teacher with less knowledge, but with a very nice personality, or maybe even less. They would dread going to class and they would not listen to the teacher, either because they do not respect him or because they do not like him as a person, which for children or teenagers can be a valuable reason not to participate in class at all. 
I think that especially for students in the age range of six to seventeen years it is important to have a certain connection to the teacher, because it would make it easier for them to study, or maybe ask for help if they needed it. They would much more likely go to this teacher whenever they have a problem or if they need guidance in any way. If they simply hated the teacher they would not put any effort into learning about the subject. 
But looking at the aspect of knowledge all of the above would become useless if the teacher did not have any information to share with his students. The statement talks about "excellent knowledge" though, which in my opinion exceeds the basics and everything the students have to learn. The word "excellent" to me means that he does not only have the needed knowledge, but much more beyond that. 

To me the two qualities of a teacher are to a certain degree dependable on each other. I tend to agree to the statement after all, because of the certain way it was phrased. To me the ability of a teacher to relate to the student is more important than "excellent knowledge of the subject being taught", because in my eyes it is enough for the teacher to know the information that the students need to have. Everything beyond that would certainly be nice, but not necessary. 