"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."
First of all, it's a great thing, if a teacher really can connect with the student, because, they might show more interest and work harder in his or her lessons, simply because they like the teacher. That's a great way, to motivate students, who otherwise wouldn't care for the subject or are just lazy. 
Still, you have to be careful with this thesis, becuse it's possible, that students might loose their respect and start to see the teacher as a friend, instead of a person of authority. Seeing the teacher as a "friend" can work out well, if both sides respcet each other equally, but if the teacher looses his position, he might wont't be able to keep the students attention anymore.
Another argument is, that students, who have a problem, considering bullying for example, might consult the teacher, in case they trust him, while students, who see the teacher as an "enemy", won't come to him if they have a problem or simply want to talk about something specific. It's clear to see, that relating well with students is a good key to communication. Still, excellent knowledge of a topic should be normal, if the teacher wants to make a good impression, a teacher, that only relates well with the students, might be "cool" in their eyes, but won't teach them anything. In the end, school is still a place to learn.
I don't agree with this statement, because both things, connecting with students and having excellent knowledge of the subject being taught are equally important and if the students behave the right way and don't do whatever they want, it should be no problem, to fullfill both expectations. If I would have to choose between one of these "sides", I would still say, that knowledge is more important, than being liked by the teachers. It might sound harsh, but school is a place for students to learn and maybe find out what they want to do in their future, not to joke around with the teachers.