First of, with a hundred percent certainty, we can say, that a teacher with not enough knowledge about the subject he is teaching, is not able to teach the class everything that you need to get a good degree in Germany. That is mostly because of the fact that you do not get your exams from your teacher, but from somebody else who propably has a higher expectation of what you should know. 
Also, a teacher that does not know what he is talking about can not be expected to teach young students something that even he does not now. You can only transfer as much knowledge to another person, as you know yourself. Because of that, the lessons with that certain teacher will not be on a level that is expected to be tought, even though he is good at relating well with students, which brings us to our second point.
Even tough it is important for a teacher to be good with young human beings, it is of no kind of importance considering that it replaces the needed knowledge about the subject that is to be tought. To take me as an example, I can tell from experience that the teachers i learned the most from, were also the teachers you would assume to be very strict and unfunny ect. You just can not deny that after all, strict and well organized teachers and lessons, which also contain the right amount of knowledge, are the ones that teach you the most about the certain topic. Something we should not forget though,is, that you also have to have the ability to deliver that knowledge in a way, the students want to learn it. This is why a teacher´s ability to relate good with students is of some kind of importance as well.
Concluding all the arguments, this might sound like every teacher should be a cold hearted robot, but that is not what I want to say, which brings me to my oppinion.
In my oppinion a good teacher should be neither of the two kinds of teachers we just discussed, at least not if you say it is completly one sided to one of the directions. A really good teacher should be a perfect mixture of both, strict but fair, nice but not too kind, somebody to be handled with respect, and, most importantly, somebody who knows what he or she is talking about. This perfect mixture could be described as 65/35, with the major focus on the aspect of knowledge. 
But after all, I guess it is just all about presonal preference.


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































:)