In the following, I will examine about the statement in the task.

To relate with students has to be a core-ability, every teacher should have to be able to do so. Often enough the teached things dont stay in the pupils heads because the teachers are not able to present the Themes interesting enough, or in a way anyone understands it. On the other hand the question is, is it more important then to know what the teacher himself is actually talking about.
I`ll bring in the example of Maths. In this case, I fear it`s more important that the teacher has excellent kn owledge of the subject being taught then to be able to relate with students because it is of no use if the teacher understands why we dont understand the Theme, its all about, if it is because of the teacher himself has actually no Idea of what he is even talking about.If a maths teacher cant relate to his students ,it`s not that bad as if for example the teacher of politics cant relate to his students.
He can have to best knowlege, argues, and the best informations about what`s going on. They`re useless if he doesnt know how to bring it to his students. If they dont get why Greek has no money at all, noone has a usse of the teacher knowing every little aspect about it. It depents heavily of what is beeing taught, what is more important. All about science it`s more important that the teacher has the needed knowledge of what he is talking about because the students will have to understand it if it is presented to them in a logical way. It doesnt matter that much if the teacher cant relkay to his students because it`s simple not that needed. When it comes to anything that`s not Math or Biology or any other natual science, that is beeing taught, it becomes more important to be able to relate to the students because there is not one right thing and not only one right way to get to it. Religion, Philosophy, Arts and all of these, have the point that there is not only one right way like in science. There are many different ways to be taught and it really depents on how you are doing it, more then what you are doing. In fact it is not of no matter what the teacher is trying to tell his students but it is more important that all of them understand what he wants to reach.
In the end I can definitly say that it depents on what is beeing taught.