Did you like your teacher back in school? Could you relate to him? Could he relate to you? Looking back do you think it is better to have a teacher you can relate to than someone who is just a pro on their field? I will now state pro and cons on the topic, if it is more important to have a teacher you can relate to than just an expert on their topic.

Students do not like teachers who are mean or really bossy, they prefer someone they can relate to and who can relate to them. So they will more likely listen to someone, and learn "for" someone who can relate to them. The atmosphere in the class would be much better, and the students would learn better. Being a student myself, I can say that it is much nicer and easier to learn in a nice atmosphere. But it is not only better for the students but for the teacher as well. If you can relate to the student, and you can understand what children or teenager might be going thru, you can transport subjects much better and maybe you can even combine their private life with the subjects. Futhermore, for the really difficult questions teachers and students still have books and the internet, which are sources you can easily have acces to. So nowadays you do not need a "know-it-all" teacher.
 
On the other hand students might have questions in the lessons, when you don't have acces or the time to look it up. What would you do then? It also could happen that some really good students get better at the subject than you are, what should not be happening. You need to be an experct on a topic to fully transport knowledge, as well as being confident in it. Children and teenagers can be cruel and if you are not confident, they will know and mock you for it. In addition school is not only for studying subjects, but also for preparing students for life. Children and teenager must learn to deal with a "boss", because they will all have one in later life. A teacher should not be a friend with whom you can hang out. He should be the boss. 

Finally I can say that I think that teachers should be the boss, but have to find a way to be experts on the topics and relate a student. The mix is what defines a really good teacher. 