When it comes to the question of who is your favourite teacher looks and personality will make the cut in most cases. But we should ask ourselfs if a teacher that knows his subject well enough is less important than a relatable, good looking one.

Some would argue that a good relationship to the teacher is helpful to develope positive feelings towards the subject, but many will realize fast that a relatable teacher is unhelpful when you have to write an exam. There his or her nice smile is useless. Meaning that sooner or later a negative feeling will ocure (erscheinen, leider ist mir die Schreibweise zum gegenwärtigen Zeitpunkt nicht bekannt). Eventually the "Abitur" has to be written and one will discover that a teacher who knows what his or her subject is about would have been indeed more important.

Furthermore is the purpose of school to gain knowledge. This can not be gained, if the needed knowledge is missing. In order to educate students properly a 'cool' personality is not taught at university. It is expertise.

There will be people stating that social skills should be taught as well at school, which could be done by a young, smart teacher. To that the only answer is that the German school system has failed now for decades to teach children social skills or develope a personality. To rationalize a teachers lack of knowledge like this is in that specific context ridiculous. Today it is all about getting children as fast as possible ready for the market. A teacher that does not teach most topics effectivly in the least amount of time (which would not be possible for the first kind of teacher) is stopping young kids to reach the goals they are meant to achive. Or better they will have trouble surviving in the capitalistic system we are living in. Because then again personality or a great youth do not matter in your application letter.

Which means the following: of course is a supportive teacher that gets your problems more appealing especially at a younger age. But in order to make your way onto a life that you wish for you need to be taught as best as one can and a teacher that knows his or her subject will be the better choice. 

