What makes a good teacher is always a very controverse topic; but let's focus on a specific question: Is it more important for a teacher to relate well with his students or is it more important that he is a true master of his subject?

First of all I have to say that in my almost 12 years in school so far I've met quiete a lot of teachers and maybe even a bit more than other students because our teachers always became ill or moved away, in 9th grade we had about 6 teacher changes and i can tell you, there were some weirdos within them. But from my personal experience i gotta say that for me it usually was very important to have a sympathic teacher, but I also once had a very nice guy as an english teacher but his english was far away from good enough and I hated it. It was so annoying when he always used the same phrases to start a sentence, imagine a teacher starting every sentence with "you know". Sounds terrible doesn't it?

So the skill of a teacher is definetly an important component, I mean otherwise literally anyone could be a teacher. Furthermore "relating with the students" is hard to define, like no one can be liked by everyone, even if I really like a specific teacher, maybe all my classmates will hate him? 
And what's the use of a latin teacher speaking as bad latin as I do? 
Don't get me wrong, as I said earlier for me it was always better having a teacher I personally liked but for me one of the best so far was a guy who we always just called "the dictator" and personally I liked him a lot but he was amazingly strict, even though his black humor was hilarious, so many of my classmates  hated him while I was making jokes with him trying to improve my skills regarding his subject. On the other hand ther are some very popular and seemingly nice teachers; at least that's what the other students say, if you ask me: Those were the evil abortions from hell with the sinister intention to make us all their slaves. So it's impossible to say that a teacher has a good "ability to realte well with students".

So after all I'd say that there are two qualities a teacher needs: First of all huge knowledge about his topic and by this I doesnt mean that a history guy knows every year-number, what is google for, no I mean a dude who has passion for his subject and understands what it's truly about. Secondly, and that's at least as important as the first thing, he needs to be fair, even though complete objectivity is impossible, a good teacher tries to treat everyone equal according to their skills and improvement. If a teacher seems nice to you that's a good thing for sure and may make things more easy but to say that's as important as his knowledge is not only stupid, it's a tast impossible to fulfill. And besides that school is for prepairing you for your future life and there friendly people will be rare so having teachers you don't like definetly prepares you better for the real life than any sugar-honey guy who always smiles.
