In every school there are a variety of teacher-types. Some of them have good connections with the students without having as much knowledgement as there collegues have without relating very well with the students. The following essay tries to find arguments whether a good relation is more important than excellent knowledgement or not.

First of all it is important to mention that all depends on how big the knowledgement is if you want to answer this question. If the teacher does not know anything about his subject but he relates with the students perfectly of course there is no chance of learning anything for the students.

But on the contrary it is very important relating well with students because a teacher with huge knowledgement but without social skills can not teach them as well as the opposite type.

However if the students are afraid of the teacher or do not respect him or her they can not get acknowledgement. Because many studies say that you can learn best if you have fun in your lessons. Furthermore if the students enjoy and like the teacher they would automatically be more open to new topics and would be more interested in the subject. And interest is very important: they could do researches apart from the lessons and learn even more. But this obviously also depends on the attitude of the students.

Because on the other side you could say that with less knowledgement the teacher can not teach as confident as if he knew all about the topic. In addition to that maybe he/she his/herself would not be very interested in her subject and could not animate the students becoming interested. Because a good relationship with the students does not tell whether the lessons are effective and the students are able to learn more.

My opinion to that difficult statement is that the most important thing is that the lessons are effective which means that the student have fun and can therefore get knowledgement. Reaching this case is the teachers task and because of that he/she needs to have both: of course a good acknowledgement being taught and but also social skills and a good ralationship with the students that creates the possibility of making the students being interested.
