In the following text I will show you if teachers should relate well with students or if it is more important that they know everything excellent about the subject they have to teach.
First of all it is pretty nice if a student has a good relation to the teacher, because it is mostly really easy to work with him im the lessons and as a conclusion it will be easier to learn something for the student. A good relation between a teacher and a student is also good beacause the student will ask more questions when he likes his teacher and is not scared of him. 
But otherwise there are many arguments for the excellent knowledge of the subject the teacher is going to teach. If the teacher can not explain everything about the subject which is important for the a-levels or something the student will have some problems with the subject cause he never got taught about a theme or something and he got no explaination about a topic he did not understand he can not explain these topics in a class test or the a-levels. I think the greatest problem is  that the teachers who know really much about the subject mostely are not the kindess people to the students. 
All in all I would say that everyone will have is own opinion to this question but I think that at the one hand it is really nice to work with a nice teacher who is related well with us in the class but i have seen it really often that you learn not that muc cause the students start to be funny or something and the concetration level is really low and it is also really often pretty high communication in small groups but mostely not about the subject. And on the other hand I believe that it is really well to have teacher with an excellent knowledge about a subject but these teachers are really often the most scared teachers at the school who no one likes to have. 
As a conclusion I would say that its pretty nice to have a middled way teacher who knows pretty much of the subject but he also need to be kind and nice to the student. Something like a prefect teacher would be someone as I said in the sentence before.