Is it more important for teacher to relate well with their students than having excellent knowledge about the subject? In the folowing text i will show you my point of view about this question. Firstly I like to say that the teacher relate mostly well with their students and have a good knowledge about the subject they are talking about. Also a fact is that teacher try to relate well with pupils because they want them to listen to their lessons. But what is more important?

Some teacher try to teach the pupils only with their knowledge and with homework but mostly every young person hate to do these homework. So they don't make the homeworks or they make it not very well. Other teachers try to teach the people in their class with fun and jokes so that the pupils like the lessons and they aren't bored. Also the homeworks of these teachers are better to handle with because the pupils aren't afraid of asking when they didn't understand it.
In my point of view the great middle must be found by the teachers. I can't they that the ability to relate well with the students is more important than the knowledge of the subject. The bad thing about excellent knowledge is that the teacher sees every little mistake and mostly you can't argument with them about it. But a good thing about it is that you learn the subject correctly and you can ask the teacher about every thing for the subject. The knowledge is important for the class tests and later for the A-level.
Than there is the ability to relate well with the students. On one hand side it is very well to relate well with the students because they like the lessons and prepare themselves for the next lesson, for example if the teachers with this ability said that there will be a test next week. On the other hand side it is not very well when you don't know the answer of one question and the teacher also can't help you. In this case the pupils have to look it up, for example with Google at home, or the question will be forgotten in a few days.

All in all I think a teacher needs a very good knowledge so they can help the pupils but the ability to relate well with their students is as important as the knowledge about the subject they are talking about. But also I have to say that i learn a bit more in the lessons with teachers with a very good knowledge and these teachers don't relate very well with their students, they relate more like a teacher not like a person who teachs you but wants to be your friend.