It is a very present theme about how teachers and students relate to each other. Is it important that they have a good relationship or is it more important that the teachers have an excellent knowledge of the subject they are teaching. If you think about this topic there are some positive and some negative arguments which we are going to discuss. At the one hand it is very important that teachers are very excellent in what they are doing beacause the students will need their knowledge for their future to be successful in their jobs. If you think about school it is obvious that teacher can teach very well but is this all? Because at the other hand the relationship between teachers and students is also very important because the lesson will work much better than if they have a destroyed relationship. For students it is very important that a teacher is still human. If you have problems in school just because of a bad relationship to your teacher it isn't that what school wants. School wants to teach the students correctly and effective. But this only works when the teacher is friendly and excellent in what they are doing. If you are a student on your own I think you've already recognized the diffrence between a good teacher and a bad teacher. If the teacher is only doing his thing without any kind of fun the lesson get's boring and you aren't that motivated to work active. But when the teacher is excellent in what they are doing and also gives you the feeling of having fun in their lessons it is much easier to work well. So if you want to come to a consclusion I think it is very difficult because you can't say exactly what is more important a good relationship or an excellent knowlege. It is important that the teacher finds something between those things. Students should have the ability to relate well with their teacher but they should also get the knowledge which they are needing for their future life. The perfect teacher should be very sure in their knowledge of the subject which they are teaching to us but he should also be something like a friend so you aren't afraid to go to school. School is a place where you are creating your future and you should take that serious but also with a smile in your face. 