What is a good teacher? The first feature you will think of is probably that he needs to know his subject but that alone isn't sufficient. Knowing everything about a specific topic doesn't mean that you are able to share this knowledge with others, that you are able to reach them and to get their attention. The question you can derive now is whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 
First of all, imagine a teacher whose knowledge of the subject isn't excellent. How will he be able to teach his students or to deal with their questions? He won't. Being a teacher without knowing your subject simply can't lead to a good education of children or teenagers. A student can only learn as much as his teacher knows in school. Wouldn't it be unreasonable to let someone teach who can't give students excellent knowledge of his subject? 
The other feature of a good teacher mentioned in the key question is his ability to relate well with his students. Even if a person knows everything on a topic that doesn't mean he will be able to share this knowledge. In order to teach someone it is important to build a relationship whith others. Otherwise, you won't be able to motivate students and to make them give their best during lessons. Moreover, a teacher's duty isn't only teaching them all he knows about a subject, it's also about teaching them what you know about life. A teacher shares his experiences with his students in order to help them find their place in society and their way through life.
All in all, you can say that a good teacher needs both features, the ability to relate to students as well as excellent knowledge of his subject. In my opinion, what is more important is building a relationship between teacher and students. To come to this opinion I just imagined a teacher with excellent knowledge but without the ability to relate to students on the one hand and a teacher building a good teacher-student-relationship but who doesn't possess excellent knowledge on the other hand. I believe that a teacher isn't able to teach his students anything at all without a good relationship to them and therefore I agree with the statement above. 