We all went to school and we all know different types of teachers.However, teachers can often be divided into two categories: The ones who can and can´t relate with the students. How well does the teacher need to relate to the students in order to make the students rise to their highest potential?


It is well known that there are teachers whose methods are very straight forward. They explain and you understand. This is teaching without emotions which means that the teacher doesn´t bond nor tries to develop a friendly environment with the students.
Although these types of teachers do exist and as I experienced those teachers myself there are also other types of teachers who try to be more of a friendly teacher. Imagine it as a friend who is accidentally your teacher and has to grade you.
Of course this is very generalizing as there aren´t only teachers who fulfill just one method as there are a lot of teachers that try to do both. They are trying to make you understand in a more friendly environment though they are not fully committed to act like someone that isn´t your teacher.
And to know which method is the better of the two I have two examples. For one: My geography teacher in year 9, my current maths teacher (year 11) and my latin teacher in year 8.My geography teacher was always relating to the students and watched movies with us and we generally had a lot of fun in his lessons thus we were more willing to participate in his classes.However, as he became one of our favourite teachers we started to see him more of a friend rather than a teacher which means that we were hugely upset if he gave us a bad grade. And we had the expectation of him to bring a movie and watch it with him but when you have to write a test or have a presentation the lack of knowledge you have in a special subject was starting to show. 
My current maths teacher has more of a straight forwards type of teaching. He explains a new formula, gives examples and exercises and then we simply have to learn. He doesn´t try to be funny or tries to make maths exciting, he just wants us to learn the things we have to learn. Unlike in the example with the geography teacher we don´t see him as a friend but solely as a teacher which makes us sometimes less productive. This also creates another contrast with the geography teacher as we could understand a bad grade due to us seeing him as a teacher with no emotional feelings towards the class and we also gather more knowledge by just learning the stuff instead of watching movies that don´t even relate to the subject you are currently working on. 
Then there is my latin teacher who started to find his own way of teaching. If we learned and we payed attention in class he would be nice but as soon as we didn´t do our homework and started not caring for latin he got more and more angry to the point where school was nowhere near fun. He made us know that we are friends as long as we try to be good in latin. 

In my opinion the way my latin teacher in year 8 taught me was the right way. Being a friend of the class can alway backfire on you as your students won´t take you serious anymore and being a teacher with no emotional bond whatsoever is also not right as students won´t be as productive. To conclude a good teacher needs to find his way