"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" is a statement which you can hear everyday from parents and students. It is an often discussed argument which have been always there and also will be present in the future.
At first it's to say that of course it is important that a teacher is able to relate with students well but there is also a contra about beeing a nice teacher. Probably it will make it hard to give fair marks because maybe one student is nicer than the other one but the ability to relate with students well is on the other hand a really important issue in the daylife of a school because in most of the cases the students really want to learn when the teacher is nice and helpful. When the teacher is bad and not friendly than the majority of the students don't want to learn something and do their homework because the lessons will get on their nerves.
Another point to mention is that the sense of a school is to teach the students important things but also how to deal with things in their future life. If a teacher teaches wrong things and don't have the excellent knowledge of the subject then the students will learn wrong things but will be sympatic to the teacher. So if you are a teacher you have the responsability to really check the information and get into a theme before you teach it in front of your class because the students is not helped when you don't have a plan what you're saying right now.
The most important argument is that if you dont't really love the imagination of teach children everyday and help them with exercises then you should not going to be a teacher. The students will definetly recognize that you are not really into the issue and that your passion is not there so the lessons will not make fun or teach them importtant things.
I can't agree with the following statement and to sum up everything it's important to say that the teacher has to be able to relate with the students but in my opinion it should be in a natural way. The fact that a teacher really has the knowledge about different subjects is more helpful for the students than having a nice teacher with no plan from anything. Maybe some students really need strictness to get back on their way and start learning and doing things for the school. In addition to that I think that this issue is not really important for the parents because they are'nt in school everyday so it is just important that their children relate well with other students and get good grades for their future. If the teacher is not really nice you schould ignore it and just go on doing your things to get a good mark at the end of the year.