In school it is often a problem that students are unhappy with the teachers they have because they don't have any relation to them. So is it more important that a teacher has the ability to relate well with their students or that they just have an excellent knowledge of the topic they are talking about?
A perfect knowledge about a topic is important because students then have the feeling of security. If a teacher is insecure about a topic the students would be insecure too. They need someone who guides them through complicated material and who can explain everything and if not, the students would feel for example not prepared for an important exam.
Additionally it is important because everyone expects a teacher to have excellent knowledge. The main point in school is to learn and be prepared for university or work. This should be the first priority for teachers because that's their job and that's what is asked for by students and parents.
On the other side students are a long time in school, circa six hours a day. So if someone is unlucky the learning and concentration will be influenced by that and they may become inefficent.
Furthermore if a student likes a teacher and has a good relation to him or her, he or she is more willing to do the homework for exaple because the student don't want to disappoint someone they like.
Also if a teacher is able to relate with students the lessons are more interesting and the students will listen to the teacher. That is positive for the learning process and helps the students to understand all the topics they talk about. Additionally if theres a good atmosphere the students may be more confident to say something in the lessons and that would be good for their oral marks.
All in all I am of the opinion that it is more important that a teacher can relate well with their students but it is also positive if a teacher has excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. There should be a compromise so that the teachers combine both things in their lessons. That would be good for the students and the teachers. The atmosphere will be good and everyone is happy in school. Although it is not realistic that every teacher can combine both, it is important to at least try.