Is a teacher's ability to relate well with studens more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?
Each and every teacher has got different ideas of teaching and every student has got different needs. The school system hasn't changed a lot in the past years. Things like media, cars, technical devices etc. have been changed and developed. But school didn't.
When we're talking about change, let's start small. We can't just do a whole makeover for the school system. But if students and teachers would work better together we can try to make a change. For example in the school lessons. When a  student doesn't get along with a teacher he or she is'nt interested and doesn't pay attention. But you can't get along with everyone so why expecting it from teachers? 
But the important point is that school isn't just about learning school stuff and getting better and better. At school you should also learn to communicate, how to connect with other people and so on.
When a teacher has an excellent knowledge of the subject he or she is teaching, it doesn't mean he can teach it the way everyone in class is understanding it. My experience is, that, like I said before, every student has their own needs and their own ways to learn and understand. When a teacher has got for example old-schooled ways to teach, not everyone in class is able to understand. 
As a student myself I can say, that it really is important that the teacher relates well with its students. I want to feel comfortable asking my teachers questions, if I couldn't understand something. I want to feel welcome in class and I also want my school day being as good as it can be. Learning isn't just about having fun but it really has to be something that I at least want to do. We got the ability to learn and get educated but without any connection with the teacher and just sitting in front of him and having to understand everything he or she says, it really is difficult. 
So in my opinion it is more important that the teacher relates well with its students, than having excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Because although I want to learn school stuff, some teachers also taught me life lessons that really affected my own life and my own way of thinking. As a student you shouldn't see a teacher just as a teacher, but also as a human being, just like yourself. And the other way around teachers shouldn't just see their students as a whole class but also as people who all are different and invidual. 