The statement that a teacher being able to relate to his students is more important than the teacher knowing all about his subject can be discussed since there are many reasons as for why the empathy a teacher is able to feel is important as well as many reasons for which his knowledge should be the most important quality of a teacher.
To begin with, a teacher that is able to relate to his students has a great number of advantages for the students as well as for the teacher themself. First of all, it improves the whole learning experience of the students because there is a stronger and much more understanding bond between student and teacher which leads to a more relaxed and positive atmosphere. This atmosphere does not only have an influence on the mood of the people involved but it also influences the way of learning and the way of being able to perceive new things in class. Altogether this means that a positive atmosphere is so essential to a teacher's lessons that it is even able to long-term improve the grades of the students since they are much more motivated. The motivation of the students also has an effect on the teacher who can now even improve his ability to relate well with his students since the attitude the students have towards their teacher has changed in a positive way.
Nevertheless, education and thus the knowledge and the information the teacher is able to transfer to the students are still the most essential aspects of a teacher's work.
It is most important that a teacher is able to teach with a great knowledge of the topic that he or she is supposed to teach since this is the main point of their job. In my opinion a teacher that is perfectly able to relate with his students but can not explain their students much about the subject is still not a good teacher.
In conclusion, I think that the knowledge is still the main aspect of the work as a teacher and it should be qualified in every case. But nonetheless this knowledge can be best transfered to the students if the teacher is able to relate with them. There are many teachers that only have the quality of an excellent knowledge but that are missing the empathy: This has a major influence on their work since their teaching methods are too poor to perfectly educate the students even though the teacher knows his or her subject very well. 
Hence, it is essential for the teacher to at least have both abilities since a lack of one of them already majorly influences their mission which is educating students.