Is a teachers ability to relate well with students really more important than exellence knowlege of the subject being taught?

Schhol is a place for students to learn, to rise and to get the knowlge from their teachers but not to make friends with them. Its the teachers job to teach the kids as best as they can and to focus on a good education the kids will need their whole lifetime. To reach that its important that teachers have a certain distance to their students. A teacher has usually around twenty students he has to take care of so if he is not strict enough this student would do what they want, knowing this from my physic lessons. Everyone is loud, noone is listening because anyway the teachers talking not anyone can hera him. All this does not lead to new knowlege, for me only came out that i do not know much about physics and it was not interesting either.

On the other hand having not a good relationship to the person you spent a lot of time with, you are depending on beacause he or her is telling you what you need to know for your future and therefore for your life, also can not reach to a positive result in my opinion. Not being afraid of coming to school and being interested in what the teaher is telling you about because he or she is creating the lesson interesting, funny and various is most important beacause if you fell comfortable with school and your teacher you learn easier, faster and you enjoy it a bit more. 

In the past i have often been afraid of maths because i am not doing pretty well, its dificult for me actually, and my teacher set me under presure so i was crying at home, was to shy to ask if i didnt understand something and the result was terrible. Now maths is not that hard for me anymore, its still difficult but having a good relationship to my teacher i am not shy to aks questions anymore and i dont have to be worried anymore.
To conclude i can say, yes , teachers having perfect knowlege is important for the studendts and their intire life but a good relationship is the basis to reach good education. 