In the following, the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" will be analyzed. 
First of all, critics might disagree with the statement because without knowledge teachers are silmply not able to teach a class and therefore the students would be at risk of studying wrong information or not learn about the subject at all. This could affect their education and reduce their chances on a good proffesion in life. Therefore, a teacher should always have excellent knowledge of the subject and when he gained that, he can work on his abilities to relate well with students. 
On the other hand, one could say it is more important that the relationship between a teacher and his class is nice, because this way the teacher has the ability to understand the student's struggkes at a certain subject, so the teacher can find better ways to teach his subject. Moreover, the class would less boring and the students would be motivated to learn. Another important aspect is, that teachers not only have to transfer knowledge, but also be a person of trust for the students. If the teacher can relate well with students, he or she has the ability to help students with certain problems at home, at school or with friends and offer support. This is very important for a student because most people have to feel comfortable in school in order to success. Last but not least, the great abilities of a teacher to relate well to students do not mean that he or she is not able to gain excellent knowledge of the subject. Every person learns more and more with time. Therefore there can be theachers tat have an excellent relationship to their students and at the same time have great knowledge of their subject. 
As explained in my argumentation above, I agree with the statement that "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." In my experience, the best teachers were those who volunteerly stay after school to help students that struggle and that support you if you have problems with your family or friends. These teacher may sometimes have to look up some things themselves because the do not know the awnser, but in my opinion this only shows that the theacher is still willing to learn him-/herself. I realized that I am more motivated and excited to study a subject if the teacher can relate well  to me as a student.