Some students are the opinion that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught. I'm going to take a look at the advances and disadvances of these sentence.

First of all it's important that the teacher knows what he talks about. It make no sense when you have a super nice and friendly teacher who's loved from everyone but doesn't know anything about his subject. We have to write our A-levels and nobody will be interested in how nice our teacher was when we don't get it. I have such a teacher at my school and it's cool when he's nearly a friend of you but it doesn't matter when you can't reach your aims because you don't have the chance to get better in this subject. The teacher will have his job but you will have a problem when you can't find a job because of him. 

But I totally agree that it's great when you have a teacher who can make that you have fun in his lessons and love to go to his subject just because he teaches you. I had such a teacher who was funny and everybody loved to be in his lessons but who had also the best knowledge of his subject too. You can learn and have fun and only a few teacher have this talent. So it is important that you have a teacher you like an who do a great job in his lessons.

Last of all it isn't that bad if you have a boring teacher but who loves his subject and knows a lot about it. It is there job to teach us in there subjects and to prepare us for the A-levels. It will be okay if you have a teacher who wont get your best friend but who brings you to your A-level and helps you to make something of you. that helps you more than the funny teacher who's loved by everyone but don't know something about his own subject.

Finally I want to say that it is great to have such a teacher who relates well with students and I know that most of the students think this is more important than the subject being thaught but we are in school to learn and to reach our A-level and are prepared for our lifes. We don't go to school to have fun. I think that it's more important to have a teacher who knows a lot in his subject as a teacher who relates well with students. If you have a teacher who can both - congratulations - you made a big win. 