In the following I will discuss whether it more important that the teacher is able to relate well with his students than that he has an excellent knowledge of his subject.
On the one hand I would say that an unfriendly teacher might not give the students any knowledge because the students are angry so they are unwilling to learn something. Then they hate school and everything becomes even worse and I think that it is very important that nobody is scared fof teachers or of going to school in general.
Secondly I believe that school consists of more than just a teacher standing in front of the board and talking, giving a monologue. I think it is important to be interactive with the students, let them work together, maybe watch a movie with them and so on. 
On the other hand I am convinced that there is no possibility to teach a subject, where one is not well prepared and knows a lot. Students could recognies it if the teacher is unsure about the topic. They do not believe in what the teacher is telling anymore and they develope more and more doubts. I think it could be dangerous if students think they might know more then the teacher himself. 
From my own experience I can tell that I like it much more when the teacher knows what he is talking about, when he likes his subject and seems to be very familiar with it. Then I learn a lot more and I believe that it is very important that the students can ask questions and get a differenciated answer. In my opinion the A-levels are the most important thing in school. In the A-levels nobody cares about how the students feel, only a good result counts. And if one has not the complete knowledge one has a bad result and one cannot study the dream subject. 
All in all I would say that the relation beetween students and the teacher is not more important than an excellent knowledge of the subject. I tend to think that both is important, there have to be lessons where one can "relax", such as doing partnerwork and other stuff, but there have to be focused lessons, too. Because if the lesson is only consisting of fun, it is not eloquent and one will learn not much. So personally I like it better if the teacher has a big knowledge and gives it to his students by focused learning and exercises, than an always funny, friendly and very pedagogic teacher, but with no idea what he is talking about.