The statement mentioned before refers to to the question, whether it is to be considered more important for a teacher to be able to realte to the students instead of having excellent knowledge of the subject.
In the following i shall thoroughly examine that question and find out which one of the aspects can be considered moire important. Therefore explicit examples as well as my own personal opinion shall influence the outcome of my essay.
First of all i would like to start with an example referring my chemistry teacher, who is not only achemistry teacher but a mathematics and geography teacher as well. Due to the topics nature it is obviously impossible to know everything about his main subject, which is chemistry. Altough it is impossible to know everything about the the topic, which is the case due to current state of research in that field of natural sciences, he always appears as if everything about chemistry is easy to comprehend for those of us, who can be considered to be not the best students. 
For those of us, who are considered to be the better half of the class it appears as if chemistry is something where we are able to comprehend certain things but in vast contrast to that most of the fundamentals are not even close to being discovered. As an unevitable consequence most of us begin to like the subject, be it the supposedly easy subject or the thrill of getting to know something new about the fundamentals of the world. Due to this persons gregarious behaviour as well as his "art" of teaching the interest of the students appears to be a given. Therefore the students precisely follow the lossons and try to comprehend the topic, even if it is needed to do some of the work at home. Furthermore it would be hypocratic to call this teacher a mere teacher because of the matter of fact that he is also just a nice person. If you should have an issue in some way he is always there to have an ear for what bothers you. In contrast to that there is my politics teacher who basically knows everything about the topic but cannot relate to the students. As a consequence most of the students are discoureged and tend to not engage in his lessons. If you compare both of them it is seen to be a clear win for the one, who is able to relate to the students. as the final example i would like to mention my phisics and mathematics teacher. although it is a given that she cannot know everything about physics and mathematics her knowledge about the different topics is vast and goes way beyond the teaching at a german "Gymnasium". Particle physics as well as the sector cosmology are mostly part of her knowledge. "Unfortunately" she is not able to relate to most of the students.
She is by far my favourite teacher. Everything depends on the sr
