A teacher is a person for students, who can be spoken to, if there are any problems in class or any other personal problems. He is also a person, who needs to teach his students and make them follow his ideas and exercises through his teachertime in class. The statement says, that it is more important to relate well with the students rather to having the whole knowledge about the subject being taught. 

I think not one or the other statement is more important. A mixture of both, I think, is the best combination of a teacher. He has to be politely and stand over the students, but still try to have a good relation to them, because it is hard, to be taught by someone you can`t stand at all. The other part of the statement, which is about the knowledge of the subject, which is taught is not relevant to be talked about. Of course a teacher needs to have the excellent knowledge of the subject he teaches, because otherwise he cannot teach his students if they have specific questions. Of course he can always say: ,,I will find that out for you later´´ but actually it is obvious that a teacher seems to be better and more informed, when he can answer every question rightaway. There are two statements, which cannot really be compared. Both sides of a teacher are very important. If you related this statement to other jobs, for example the professor at a university, wouldn`t it be the same? Is it true, that a professors ability, to relate well with his students, is more important, than excellent knowledge of the subject, he is teaching his students, to maybe later on save someones life? Of course this example is a bit overdone but still students learn from teachers and no matter what you say a students job is to learn for school or university and go to school or university. A teachers job or a professors job is, to teach the students right, that they learn the important things, they need i their further life. 

A student at university needs to learn his job properly because he has to care for other peoples lifes later in his life. And if the professor does`nt have the excellent knowledge it is impossible for the students to have this excellent knowledge. It is exaclty the same in school. Students need to be able to ask the teacher everything refering to the subject, no matter what it is. And they need to get an answer. And no matter how the relation to the teacher is, the main point going to school is to learn something. Later in life you will always have people standing upon you, which you don`t like or cannot even stand. In school you get prepered for your later life. 

All in all I think, that both sides of a teacher are important for a teacher, to be a good teacher, but still it is more important, that the teacher has this excellent knowledge of the subject being taught! I dont agree with the statement!