A lot of students don't enjoy school. Sitting in a class for hours can get boring, especially if the teacher is some 50 years old jerk, whose only goal in teaching is to receive a high paycheck at the end of the month. Students wish for a fun teacher, one who can relate to them and one who is enjoying te subject. But is a teacher’s ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

A teacher with a great knowledge could be there for you, if you got a question. Not only do they know about the subject being taught, but they also know other great informations. Any question you got, he got an answer. How would it look, if a teacher doesn't know the answer either and has to check the internet to solve it. 

Furthermore, a teacher with a great knowledge could easily change up his lesson. The given lessons often repeat themselves. One year and another doesn't vary at all. The lesson gets more boring with any year given. Having great knowledge let's you improve way more easily and let the teacher change stuff up. 

On the other hand, a teacher who can relate to his students seems great. He knows about problems, a student may has and can solve them easily. Imagine if a student got alot of exams in a given week. The teacher will understand the problem and could delay the exam for a given period of time.

Also, a teacher with a great ability of realting to students can solve a question more comprehensable for the student. He is in touch with them and knows their advantages and their flaws. He could take media such as the internet to help and show the students a video explaining the topic or could create a interesting presentation about the topic

In conclusion, A teachers ability to relate to a topic seems more important to me. Especially in the current period of time, where there are informations easily found, whether in the internet, in libraries etc. A teachers great knowledge has become outdated in my opinion. Which student really needs another boring teacher, who has a great knowledge but a bad relation to his students? In my opinion, no one. 