A teacher nowadays has quite a lot of responsabilities. Their job will determine the future of our kids and the generation that follows. However, the main question here is, does the relationship between teacher and student matter, or should the teacher be more knowledge focused rather than having a great relationship with the students. It is a tricky question, hence I will list the following arguments which speak for a good relationship and vice-versa. Starting off with the positive aspects of having a good relationship with students. A Relation between teacher and student is very important. That is because a teacher cannot regard a student as an object, and thus treat it poorly. One has to see their fellow students as humans and for that reason also take care of them. Furthermore, a good relationship will have a positive effect on the students. This positive effect would be that the student will give its best for the subject. This has a psychological effect on the student, too. That is because the student does not want to let the teacher down, ergo giving its best. On the other hand, this will have a psychological impact on the teacher as well. The teacher will feel obligated to teach the students and will do whatever to make them come forward. Lastly, both student and teacher will be motivated to keep up their work, thus being productive. Now let's take a look at the aspects which talk for more knowledge, but neglect a relationship with students. Firstly, the teacher must know what he is doing, that is he needs to know his subject well to teach others. If a teacher fails to teach his students his subject, the students will most likely fail the subject. What's more, the students won't learn anything new about the subject. This subject might be their future, so that means that their future will be ruined. Additionally, if the students learn something wrong about the subject, they will think it's correct, but in actuality it is wrong. This will have a negative impact on future studies as it might be an obstacle to the students. Lastly, if the students fail their subject, this will have a negative effect on them. They might think that they are not fit for this subject, but in reality, they are. Furthermore, the students might feel mistreated, if the teacher sees them as objects. The human touch misses. Summarizing the points. A relationship is important, but so is knowledge. One needs the other to become successful. That's why a mixture of both will be the best outcome.