As a student myself I have had teachers of all kinds. Some full of knowledge other very kind. Both have taught me a lot. Often student tend to concentrate less when they feel in touch with the teacher. They know they aren't going to get pinushed in any way. on the other hand a very knowledgeable teacher can be frustrating and boring.

what is scientifically proven is that we human beings do well in what we like. And there is were the difference between a teacher you can relate to comes in. A teacher with a good relationship with his students can have an enormous effect on the students life. Just by being kind the teacher creates a good atmosphere in his classroom where the children like to be.The studenst will feel comfortable. You start to relate these good feelings you have there with the subject you get thaught. This doesn't mean you will automatically like the subject at all but it will lead to you being open for it. You will make an effort to like it and most probably will. And like we said, we are good in what we like. 

On the other hand a teacher with excellent knowledge can attract your interest. The problem starts when you aren't able of understandig what is being thaught. There is where most students totally give up. Without a good relationship to their teacher they won't ask for help nor will the teacher notice the issue. Teachers than often start to believe these students are simply lassy and start picking on them. 

In this case we assume that a teacher is either full of kowledge or can relate to his students but not both. In real life it is a very complex mechanism where both of these attributs affect each other. A teacher can be both and neither. There is no perfect teacher. You have to find the right combination and that for each student. The only advantage a teacher with a good relationship with his students has is the communication. Communication is key in lots of cases. When students don't fear to aproach their teachers and the same the other way around, any kind of problem can be solved.