I do agree with the statement.

A teacher still has to have a good knowledge of the subject being taught, but nobody will get mad at him if he has to look up something from time to time. After all, a teacher is still a human that's constantly learning, not a roboter that knows the whole world by heart. It is a lot more important that teachers are able to relate well with their students for the following reasons:

Teachers once all were students themselves, they know what it feels like going to school, having important tests to study for and never-ending homework tasks. But they also know that sometimes there's no motivation to do all of these things and that school-skipping students aren't a myth. Because of that a teacher should be able to tell, when students are being less active in their classes, whether the students are actually having a stressful time or if they're just lazy. 

Also teachers have to know, that the subject they're teaching isn't everybody's favorite. There are always students paying attention and writing good exams, but there are also other ones that have already given up on their subject. As an example, for many students in my class physics always was, is and will be a complete mistery. They're accepting the bad grades, because at this point of our school career it's not the most important thing anymore to be good on every class. Students rather focus on the things they want to learn and pursue later on in life. And a teacher has to be able to understand that not all students in his class are thriving for a 6.

In conclusion, it's far more important that teachers have the ability to relate well with their students than an excellent knowledge of their subject. Since they all once were students themselves they should know what's going on in a student's mind and how they're feeling about different situations and dealing with them. A teacher should be there for his students, not against them, and for that he has to be able to relate well with them.