First, we need to define how "excellent knowledge" is meant. I don't think that a teacher has to know every little thing there is about every topic concerning his subject. But it is important that he presents himself self-concious and makes the impression that he knows what he is talking about because if this isn't the case it is really hard to follow the lesson because it will get boring. I also think it that the ability to relate well with students isn't all, it is more a mixture between being a goot teacher and knowing how to treat children and teenager.
I think if a teacher cannot relate well with the students but is really talking about interesting stuff the lesson is exiting anyway but if a teacher is really friendly but often has to look up things or doesn't know the translation for a word it is kind of unprofessional. For example I really love my history classes. On one hand, my history teacher is great because she knows how to handle with teenagers, she always keeps joking and it is really fun. On the other hand she is really talking about interesting stuff and the way she talks is wonderful because I always get the impression that she is just talking about her holiday because she is so exited about everything that has happend. I don't think that I would like her lessons if she wasn't able to have this connection to our class but also if she doesn't know what she is talking about because then she would talk about it in a more boring way. Another example is our biology teacher. I think his classes are extreamly boring because of the way he is teaching. He doesn't seem like an extrovert person and doesn't really have a connection to the students. But I know that many of my students like his classes because he that what he says is correct and interestion just the way he is teling it is really boring. 
On the opposit we have a math theacher who is really kind and I think everybody likes him but his classes are really hard to follow. Because the is an immersive teacher so he should talk in English but he is really bad so his sentence structures and pronouncation are worse than mine so listning to him I keep thingking every few minutes "ouch" because the does so stupid mistakes. I'd prefer a teacher who knows how to express himself and if English is such a problem for him, he just should keep talking German. But many of my class like his lessons because they aren't that hard. 
Concluding this all I would say that for me it is more emportant that the teacher has excellent knowledge of his subject, but most important that he knows how to teach it to the students in a way, that even the most boring thing can be interesting.  