In every school there are theachers who are more popular than others and lessons in which the students like more to be than in others. There can be a subject a student didn't really like until the teacher changes. Their motivation can be different from one subject to another. But why? I would like to look closer at that in the following short text. 
If a teacher gets along well with his students they like that subject more and are much more motivated to learn the stuff that they were taught. Probably the students like also more to go to school in general if there are teachers they can relate to. Especially if one has to go in the same school and class for many years that's a huge advantage if one is motivated to do so. Otherwise it will become a long long time. 
But what is that worth if a teacher doesn't really have a clue of the subject he should teach his students? They will learn nothing and if he can't answer any of their questions they will probably also begin to ask themselves why they have to learn that stuff when even their teacher doesn't know much about it. They can't see the logic behind it and their motivation to learn stuff where they don't see the sence why they should learn it probably isn't there anymore. 
But you can also have a theacher who has an excellent knowledge of the subject he's teaching but can't relate to his students at all. Students won't like to go in his lessons and can't bring up their motivation to learn. Probably just to make the teacher they don't like to feel bad. They won't give him the attention in the lessons needed to learn all that stuff.
As you can see none of those exaples are perfect. The best teacher one can get is one can relate well with students while he also knows enaugh about his subject to teach it in an exciting way. But although if a teacher has both of them it depends on the personal attitude or opinion of the student wheter he likes the lessons and the subject or not. 
So in my opinion you can't say one is better than the other they both have their disadvanteges and advantages and none of them is less important than the other one. 
