School - for some people the best time in their life, for others a time creating bad memories. Memories of boring lessons, mobbing, stress and so on. There are problems one can only solve for oneself, others may not even occur if there would be changes in the school system.

One problem we could solve for the younger generation is teacher-related. Teachers can drag their students out of a passive lifestyle, can show them how important knowledge is for their business career. However, teachers can also affect students in a negative way. A teacher may have excellent knowledge in his subject, but if he can't pass the knowledge on, if he can't reach the students, it doesn't matter wheter he has good knowledge or not.
Imagine a physician, working in science, discovering news breaking stuff. Would he be able teaching teenagers? Of course one can argue about that, but most of those highly intelligent people couldn't make the job a good teacher's doing.

Students are often in a difficult time in their life. They are still trying to make sense of their life. They are still looking for their destiny, still not knowing what they want in their life and expect from it. They won't listen to a person telling them facts after facts. They need a sensible person, a person trying to understand them, a person being a friend, accompanieing them through a rugh time. If a teacher can be this person, it won't be difficult for him to lecture his students in his subjects. If a teacher listens to his students, his students will listen to him.

Often in this age decisions are made for an entire life. For a good working economy we need young, well educated people. People who decide to make a contribution to their homestate, to try to give something back. To enable teenagers to make this decision, they need the right background knowledge. And knowledge is given through teachers, not through highly intelligent teachers, through teachers trying to understand, trying to help. Through humans.

We do have the possibility to help them on their way. We can't show the students the right way to take, but we may support them on their way and lead them in the right direction. Will we help?