Many people claim that teachers should be able to relate to their students in order to understand them, their questions and their problems properly. This ability is set in opposition to the knowledge about the subject they teach.
On one side a teacher that can relate to his students has the ability of understanding them, which means their problems - so the negative aspect - aswell as their humor. A teacher that understands what his students laugh about and what they consider being funny is more likely to be accepted as "a friend". With this I mean that they can connect to him and that they respect him, so they rather listen to this teacher than to the old one that never gets what the students are talking about - even in their questions - to give a random example.
On the other side, if this teacher that everyone likes has no idea what he's talking about and has to look up everything asked by the class, the students themselves will have a knowledge according to that.
But a teacher that knows everything by heart and can answer every question you ask him does not automatically have to be severe and cruel. This teacher can also be a nice person!
In the end all that matters anyway is not how well you got along with you teacher during your school career but what your grades say about you.
So how will you be able to pass the finals not knowing anything (or hardly anything) about your subject?
My conclusion concerning this opposition is that you can not clearly say what is more essential for a "teacher-personality" as every person is different and hardly anyone thinks the same way as the another person.
But generally speaking I would say that a mix of knowledge and the ability of relating to students is the key to fulfill a good job as a teacher - although the primarily important part is the knowledge, as explained before.
You as a teacher should have the knowledge to answer tricky questions but also to make your lessons interesting enough for students not to fall asleep as soon as you have continued talking.
