Teachers are often under big pressure and stress, because sometimes it is said, that they are too hard with their students but sometimes they are not hard enough. They have to be able to relate well with students and know their subject. Some people say, that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. In this essay I will discuss this statement.

A teacher can learn more about his subject with some effort, but he or she cannot learn to relate with students. So it is not necessary for a teacher to know everything about the subject, but it is necessary to be able to relate to students. For example a history teacher who connects very well with his students, but does not have knowledge about the history of the african people can do some research and learn more about the subject. After that he can teach his students in a better way then a teacher who knows every detail of the african history but cannot relate to the students. It is easier for the students to learn a subject when the teacher can do an interesting lesson that reaches them.

On the other side is a teacher who does not have good knowledge of the subject that he or she teaches is not a good teacher. Especially in the higher schools, like university, a teacher has to know a lot about his subject or he will not get a job. To some people it is not very important that a teacher has to be able to relate with students, as long as he knows his subject. For example at university a teacher does not need to have a connection with his students, because he or she has so many different students. But this teacher needs to know everything about his subject.

In my opinion, especially for young students, the ability to relate with students is more important for a teacher than to know his subject. I think so, because the teacher can always do some research and learn more about a topic. For me the ability to relate to other people is someting difficult to learn. Definitely it is more difficult to learn than a subject. It is more like a gift to be able to connect and relate with other people and I think for teachers it is an important aspect. 


