Is it better to have excellent knowledge about the subject the teacher is teaching or does it help more if teachers have the ability to relate well with students? My opinion on this statement is not totally biased but i am more willing to disagree with this statement and my following arguments will tell you why.

Pro arguments: The ability to relate with your students could be considered a gift from a students perspectiv. Not being able to understand a topic in school is not easy. The only thing that help are friends who understand the topic or the person teaching that topic himself, the teacher. If the teacher is able to relate with the student and the problem he/she is having, it will be easy for the teacher to solve the students problem.

Being able to relate well with someone is like being able to have a good relationship/companionship. A teacher having a good and healthy relationship with a or the student(s) will help to maintain a good working atmosphere. A bad working atmosphere will lead to students or workers with zero motivation. And with zero motivation no excellent knowledge in the world will help a student and his/her problem.

Contra arguments: It may be helping that a teacher can relate to the proplem a student is having on the topic being taught by the teacher. It may comfort the student a bit. The problem here is, with normal knowledge it will be a easy job to help the student. But real life is not always easy. When a student comes up with a difficult problem and the teacher does not have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught, all abilities to relate well with a student will not help. The situation will be like talking things nice to evade the problem.

Teacher who relate too well with students in reality, will be taken advantage of. Students will work less because they now their teacher is either soft or it seems like he is cool with it. A strict teacher with excellent knowledge may seem tedious but it will help the students with their work and concentration.