This is a really interesting question, and there are many different opinions on this , So in the following lines there will be an analysis of pro and contra arguments, which will show us, what is important to be a great teacher. 

First of all, the teachers ability to relate with students is very important. In my opinion, it is a core factor, because if the students do not like the teacher, they are always unmotivated in class and have a negative attitude. It is clear, that then their interest during the lessons is quite low and they do not take the best out of it, even if the teacher would know many about the subject. 

Further, if a teacher gets along well with his students, they feel free to ask any questions and are not afraid that the teacher will react badly or just laughs at them. This automately causes the students to understand the topics better and they have higher scores in the exams afterwards. 

An other point is, that if the students like the teacher and the other way around there is just a friendlier atmostphere in the lessons, the students will feel relaxed and even if they are not really interested in the subject, they will be productive in some way, just because everybody is. Nobody just does nothing because they like the teacher so much that they absolutely want to respect him nd show him that his attitude gets rewarded. 

On the other hand, it does not matter how lovely a teacher is, if he has no idea of his subject, it is useless. He is not able to teach the students anything, because he does not know the things himself. But prsonally I think, all of the teachers made their studies and are educated, have a certain expertise, so every teacher should be able to show the students what they have to know, otherwise they woud have failed their university degree. 

Worth to have a look at is, that if the teacher does have an excellent knowledge, that he can show connections better, that he is able to tell more details if somebody asks for, and maybe is able to explain the things more clearly and in many different ways, if somebody does not get what the topic is about in the first place. This is an important point, and the strongest argument why the well educated teacher may be the better one than the one with the ability to relate well with students, but then you have to ask yourself, if the students would even realize his great knowledge, that they would ask him the questions and if they would be interested enough in the lessons to follow them. If that would not take place, the great knowledge unfortunately does not serve anyone. 

Last but not least, a great knowledge leads to a teachers bigger motivation, and in the optimum, the teachers motivation leads to the students motivation. But it could go the other way as well... The teacher wants to show the students too many different things, they get confused and then their motivation equals zero. 

So how we see, there are many interesting points why knowledge or why the relationship with students is more important to be a good teacher. But in my opinion, the relationship is so much more important. A teacher with knowledge is surely a wise man, but just if he is able to bring his expertise to his students, he is a great teacher. Knowledge alone buys you nothing. So the teachers ability to relate with students makes the whole course relaxed and the students like to go there, to follow the topics and to ask questions freely is surely the better teacher.