In nowadays' society, school is very important. But even though it is hard to become a teacher and you have to proof your quality and knowledge, there still are "bad" and "good" teachers. Teachers who do not respect there students are most likely not very popular, neither are very strict teachers. Maybe a teacher's ability to relate well with students is even more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

There are a lot of arguments speaking against this thesis. First, it is very important that the things taught by a teacher are correct. If he makes mistakes, students may use this wrong knowledge in their lives which can have grave effects. Second, students are most likely to notice if their teacher's knowledge is not excellent and it may lead to disrespect from the students' side. And if a teacher is not respected, he can not controll his class which makes the lessons loud and messy. Also, if a student notices a mistake and speaks up, the situation can be very emberassing for both, teacher and student. Another argument would be that, if a teachers knowledge is just about the basics, his class will probably get boring and the student will not learn anything new, which makes school a waste of time and money.

However, there is another point of view. Even though knowledge may be important, a teacher's ability to relate well with his students is too. For example, if a teacher can not explain well, his students may not understand the things their teacher wants to tell them or they are not able to use their new knowledge correctly. Another argument is that there is prove that it is easier to learn if you like what you do because the brain activity is higher. So if students do not get along with their teacher or do not like his class, they probabebly learn less or it is more difficult for them. But most important, it is a students desicion to study. If a student does not like his teacher, he is likely not not like his class, and if he does not like the class he is less motivated to study and learn something new.

All things considered, both knowledge and good relations is important, and it always depends on the students, because there are many different ways of learning. I think for a class to be as efficiant as possible, a teacher must have both, neither one of the extremas can lead to success.