It is easier for the students to understand the subject if the teacher can relate to the students and understands what their problems are. Because the students can not profit from the excellent knowledge if they do not understand what is meant properly. In the following essay it will be discussed wheter the teacher should have an excellent knowledge or if he should have the ability to relate to the students.

The students mostly learn the basics during their obligatory school time. Therefore it is better if you have teacher who can explain the subject simpler and clearer for the students than a teacher who understands the most complicated aspects of his subject. If you take the example of a mathematics teacher it i better for the students if they have a teacher who can explain them the simple equations and they understand them. The teacher needs to know how those equations work and maybe a little bit more. But they do not need to know how to solve a very complicated problem. It  is better if they know a way to explain the exercises in a way that the students understand them.

Secondly the students like a subject more if they like the teacher. Of course sometimes you like a subject eventhough you do not rally like the teacher but mostly you prefer the subjects where you have a kind teacher. If you understand the subjet you start to like it and then you do your exercises mor often and therefore you get better in the subject. So it is better you have a teacher who you like because then you are more motivated to become better.

Lastly you need to learn the complicated stuff in the university. While during obligatory scool time you only need to learn the basic stuff your knowledge gets bigger during the university in one special subject. So you kneed good teachers in the universities where the excellent knowledge is needed. Therefore it is better if you put the teachers with excellent knowledge to the universities while you use the teachers who can relate better in the lower levels of education.

This essay has shown that it is more important to have a teacher who you can relate to because you can profit more from them. It has shown that it is good to have an excellent knowledge but that it  would not be used in scools. I t is better if you have excellent knowledge in the universities than in the normal obligatory schools. So it is better for the students if you have a teacher who v