On path to become a teacher there is always one question, which shows up. A question, which dicide what kind of a teacher one become. Is it more important to relate well with students or is it more important to have an excellent knowledge?

On one hand, one can say that by realting well with students, the teacher get a better realationship with the students and they are willing to learn more. Beacuse a good realationship goes hand in hand with a friendly and positive environement. Children, who like the teacher are more excited and motivated to visit his class, pay attention and so to write good marks. The simply feel more comfortable in the teachers presents.On the other hand one can say, that by having a really good realationsship with the teacher, like to a friend, the students could lose the respect torward the authority. They talk during the lesson, get in retardet and many more situations, which come by when the children lose the respect torward the teacher. Plus the teacher could realte too much with students, so that he neglects his work as a teacher, who teaches children in a seriously. And he could get influences when giving a mark, because he likes a students more than another. The teacher gets subjective.

An excellent knowledge on the other hand doesn't have the risk to get infulanced emotionally. The Teacher is always objective and is focusing on the subject. With an serious environement during class one can teach better and more concentrated. by not envolving any emotions the teacher can easely be objective and strict. During the Class there is silents and no distraction. The focus stays on the subject. 
On the other hand children could get bored by the strictness and bored of the dry class. By not really relating with the teacher and having a conection with him the students may don't like to visit this class and so they are not willing to pay attention neither willing to learn of the excellent knowledge of the teacher.

In my opinion a successful teacher should have both, the ability to realte well with students and an excellent knowledge. Those two abilites are very important, with a goos and solid realtionship with the students, the teacher can reach out to them, if there are any problems and the children visit the calss with passion. A good knowledge is a must, because with out it a teacher can't teach the subject in an correct and successful way, but without the good realationship the students aren't willing to learn. A mix of both 