Firstly, we need to treat teachers at primary and secondary level differently. At primary level, there is usually a teacher which has to teach all or most subjects. This means that there are usually some subjects about which the teacher knows less than about others, anyway. But this is not seen as a problem because the students usually do not yet ask questions that require a lot of background knowledge on the subject, and the treated thematics should be familiar enough to the teacher to answer simple questions.
In secondary school, however, there can often be students either asking an in-depth question in class. This can lead to questions that are hard or even impossible to answer properly without enough background, but the questions will usually lead to much confusion if unanswered. Additionally, if questions that the teacher cannot answer come up regularily enough in class, the teacher starts to lose authority, leading to louder classrooms and less questions asked. So indirectly, even questions that are not related to the current subject can lead to worse lessons for everyone involved.
Now we need to take a look at the second property of a teacher: the ability to relate to students. This is obviously good, because the ability to relate to students will on the one hand help the teacher to catch permanent attention from his students, but it will also make the subject more attractive to the students. As an example, one could look at my chemistry teacher. He has done a few things, like allowing us to use our cellphones in his classroom, against the general school policy is that we may only use them in certain places if a teacher allows it, and regularly talking about other things that he as a teacher knows and that might be interesting to us. This has, in my opinion, led to less dislike for the otherwise not very much loved subject of chemistry.
So overall, a teacher with the ability to relate to the students will always teach the students more while also increasing their liking for the subject. This means that if a school has to choose between otherwise similar applicants for a teaching position, a teacher with this ability should be preferred. But here, the choice is between a teacher with this ability, but weaker knowledge of the subject, and one without it, but with better knowledge of the subject. In my opinion, a primary school should choose the former, because the weaker knowledge will not yet come into play, and then it is preferable to have the first teacher, while a secondary school should choose the latter, as bad background knowledge will impede the learning more than the teachers ability to relate to the students will increase their knowledge.
But this obviously depends on the specifics of the two teacher, and if the teacher with the weaker knowledge of his subject is willing to put in the extra work and research every question he gets and cannot answer on the spot, then he might still be the better choice. Generally, and with everything else being equal, I would choose the relating teacher for primary schools and the other one for secondary schools and up, as everything I have said about the problems with weak knowledge of the subject gets worse the higher the level of the students is.