Most jobs are like coins. There are always two sides to it, which do not really interfere with each other though. In teaching however, this is not the case. The synergy between students and teachers, as well as the teacher's competence, are both of vital importance and have direct influence on each other. These two things, do not relate to each other as two sides of a coin but much rather as two gears.

First off, I'd like to say that I do believe that both skills are equally important for a teacher to have, in my personal opinion anyways. I am convinced that if one fails, then the other one will undoubtedly do so as well. Nevertheless, that is not to say that they are both always equally needed. Dosage is key. A detailed evaluation of the current situation, or in this case the class or student to be specific, is essential since not every class or student requires the same amount of synergy or competence from their teacher in order to work efficiently.

As mentioned before, another aspect that should always be kept in mind is the link between the two skills. They are both like gears, two giant gears in the engine that teaching is supposed to be. It should come as no surprise to anyone that if a class constantly disagrees with a teachers methods, even after prolonged discussions, and no middle ground is achieved, they will care less and less about what said teacher has to say, as they will feel like the teacher does not care about what they had to say either. It is at this point where I would like to point out that this is not about who would be in the right or not, this is about general synergy, which, if given, would allow for a middle ground to be found. 

Now to my last point, competence. In spite of the importance of a good synergy for a proper teamwork between teacher and class, it should be clear to the most air-headed individual that if a teacher lacks competence then all synergy will be for naught. It is completely meaningless to possess the synergy and position to teach if you do not know how or what to teach in the first place. The teacher may as well be a simple acquaintance or friend and nothing more.

In conclusion, both synergy and competence should never be disregarded in any way by any teacher as they are both of utmost importance for a proper working climate. To make use of the gear analogy again, even though one does not work without the other, one should always keep in mind that they are not always needed in equal dosage just as gears are not always necessarily of the same size but each and every one of them is still equally important.