Good Teachers and the right teaching methods are someting heavily important in education. Therefore, this often leads to heated discussions: What is more important, a teacher’s ability to relate well with students or an excellent knowledge?

Teachers without an excellent knowledge often can not present the topic in an effcient way to their students.  Unsurprisingly, having good understanding of a subject is the only real way to give the students lasting insight. If even the teacher does not really grasp the idea, how should a student ever be able to learn it? What's more, if students start to think that their teacher is not capable of understanding a certain topic himself, they will lose all respect. Teaching young students, respect is one of the most important things, you need the students to listen if you want to be heard. Generally, it is crucial to have the best knowledge to provide the best teaching. 

However, there is a difference between having deep knowledge about a topic and getting it  across to students. To help kids understand, a teacher has to have a good realtionship with them, has should be able to relate to them to some extent. Especially with behaviourally difficult students, bein able to understand what is going on is the only way of getting them also to learn somting. Falsely treated, such students are often not willing to pay any attention. Provocative studnets have to be met with the right approach, otherwise the topic will not come across, and the teacher only gets angry too. Therefore, whereas brilliant knowledge can bring you far in research, having empathy is the important thing in teaching. With an annoying and hated teacher, students are not as motivated to learn. They are not as keen to ever understand a subject like students being taught by an emphatic teacher will.

To sum up, both knowledge and empathy are important for every good successful teacher. But considering all the aspects, I personnaly think of empathy as the more important factor. At the end, we always have to remember that there are kids being taught, not machines.