The abilities of a good teacher are very many and also rather difficult to fulfil. The question, whether it is more important for a teacher to have a vast amount of knoledge or to be able to relate to students and communicate his ideas to his pupil, is only a partly taking the lectors abilities into consideration. Other abilities, such as being fair and having a well structured way of theaching, are neglected. 
To determine which of the earlyer mentioned abilities is having a bigger effect on the students, thus making the the teacher a better lecturer, we have to ask the people who are involved. Luckily I am a student so it should be in my power, to debate and come to a cunclusion concerning the asked question. 
Firstly knoledge that has to be communicated by the teacher has to be fully understood by him first. Otherwise the teacher would be irresponsible and not able to tho teach his pupil anything. Furthermore the teacher has to have authority over his students. Hes has to be the one who can answer all the questions. If that is not the case the teacher woudl be neglectable. 
Adittionally the teacher has to show the pupils and also their parents that the grades he gives them are fair and contributed fairly. To do so he should haould have knoledge overgrowing the part of the field in which he teaches momentarily. If my teacher trys to lecture me in special relativity he should also be able to explain quantum diynamics and their way of relating. He should be able to explain the state of the universe according to both theories. So his knoledge has to be larger by far than what he tries to teach. 
More importntly though he has to be able to communicate his thoughts and fact relating to the subject to his students. If we try and make up our mind about what would be worse, it will come clear, that a teacher who knows a lot but isn't able to teach even parts of that wisdom to his pupil is far worse than an teacher knowing a little less but being able to reach the students. $
In the end it is clear, that the need of the ability to communicate and also motivate in a teacher surpasses the need of them having a huge amount of knoledge.