Nowadays a lot of teachers get some prizes for being a good or even "the best teacher" but often times they do not get awarded for their knowledge of the subject that they are teaching but rather for their efforts and the ability to relate well with his own students. So a lot people might ask themself if it is more important for a teacher to relate well with his students or if it is more important to have excellent knowlegde of the subject.
One reason why they might think so is probaly the fact that if a teacher does not have enough social skill to interact with his students he might not be able to reach their full potential or might not be able to controll them. If he can not controll his own students they will not learn a lot even if the teachers knowledge is excellent.
Another reason why it is really important to relate well with students is to get the respect as a teacher that they deserve. This might be hard to achieve but it is one of the most important skills to have as an teacher. Even if you try to get the respect with punishments or similar things the result will never be the same. 
The other reason would be to understand your students. If a teacher does not understand his class and why they might perform badly he can not adapt properly. This can lead that the students can not learn or improve themself so they are doomed to failure.
Also we should not forget the most important reason for schools. The most important reason for our schools is not to learn a subject we might never even need. It is also about to learn about our society and how we interact with our fellow people. Even in highschool the students can learn a lot about how to interact with others. In the schools teachers might be one of the most important idols they can have.
The last reason why it is important is that if teachers can not be related childrens might only have there parents they can relate to and if they are not capable to do this a child might suffer and this can have really bad results for out future.
So I would be definitely one that thinks that the ability to relate is more important than excellent knowledge. For the it is clear that if a techer can not be related to he can not bring his students to their potential or even might fail to teach them anythigh. Also it can be dangerous for our future if the teachers can not "teach" his students how to interact with each other. Aswell the students might even suffer because they do not have anyone they can relate to if their family is not able to do so. But I do think it is important that the teacher knows his subject well enough to teach others.