I personally think it is very important to have a good relationship to your students because of numerous reasons. First of all because you probably communicate with them daily and always have to find a way to interact with them in a good way, without wanting to seem daring or desperate. As a teacher you want the students to connect with you and share teir personal opinion on something. It really is an active way of sharing thoughts. If this kind of interacting is not there, it is quite hard to make it fun to teach. As a student you honestly want to get through the day as quickly as possible and go back home to do your own thing and do whatever you want, to do without having any obligations. Still, students do come to school because they want to learn something and that they can use for their future life.
Here, at the "Kantonsschule" we are not obligated to attend school anymore. The official length of school is nine years long and any additional studies can be taken or not. It is facultative. So, what I want to say is that at the Kantonsschule, where I go to school, we are here to continue school in our own interest. Thus, it does not make sense to attend school if you do not have to and still wanting to do absolutely nothing. But it is indeed the case that classes have to be useful for us students. That obviously is the teacher's job and we have to count on them to make that work. It sort of works like a companionship, where you both want to get something out of it at the end. The difference from the teachers to us students is, that they earn money for their work. Means, if their way of teaching is not valuable and helpful, they may lose their job. As a student you could get kicked out of school, if you behave absolutely rude but we do not rely on a salary whatsoever.
A teacher can make a very promising class in the theoretical part but their way of interracting with the students can be miserable. For their behaviour they can get in trouble but do not have to. Sadly, their information they pass on to the students is much more relevant than te rest. I want the teachers knowledge but I accept an entertaining and demanding class to motivate myself from going.  