Teachers are people who, to some degree, guide us students through our school career. Often discussed within student groups, the question if a teacher should be able to relate well with us rather than being an expert in his subject does not offer an easy answer. Following, this question shall be discussed.

Probably all students have some kind of teachers ranking. The criteria mostly consist of the character of a teacher, as students often only like going to class if their teacher is able to connect to them and is able to make class exiting. Even if the teacher does not have the best knowledge and does not have the best teaching sturcture, he would still be more popular due to his social abilities. This leads to a higher motivation within the class, as students prefer going to the teacher's lessons. He or she is able to get the class' attention to transfer knowledge effectively. 

On the other hand, students often tend to live more in the present than think ahead. So they would rather get bad education but have fun than being well educated by a teacher who they don't feel connected to. 
For their future, a good education is essential and often the less popular teachers have the best class on an educational level. Only a small percentage of students really like to learn intensively, but even if they are "forced" they will achive better results.
Looking back, it often seems that even though some subject weren't fun, the teacher had such a good knwoledge that he or she passed on and the students exceeded other students with more socialy skilled teachers.
Later in life, for example in university, your professor will not even know your name. If the teacher is less connected to his students, they have to be self-motivating and also independent. 

As answer to this question, the best of both worlds would be the best. If students don't like going to class because of their teacher, they won't learn very well. But still, a good education should always be first priority and if your teacher does not connect very well with you, it's can be only seen as a preperation for later and a challenge to yourself.