Firstly school is here for learning. The teacher is there to teach the subjects. Now, what would happen if they haven`t got sufficent knowledge about their owns subject? The lessons would be difficult and the danger of teaching something wrong to the children is big. And what is the sense about school if we learn wrong or less things just because of the teacher's unabilitly of teaching?
Secondly, a teacher is in front of a class of about 25 people. With this amount of people it is pretty much impossible to get along with all of them. If the lesson stays neutral and based on the topics which are teached, there isn`t much importance for the relations between teacher and students. The school is here for teaching. And correct and sufficent teaching is only possible if the teacher has complete knowledge of the subjects. 

On the other side the atmosphere while sitting in class is very important. If the teacher is in a very bad mood or is a difficult, unfriendly person in general, it is more difficult for the students to concentrate and to learn. An aspect that should not be ignored is the fact that learning should also be fun. And learn things is more fun if the teacher creates an interesting lesson and relates to the students. For example the subject physics: Would you rather be in class, totally bored sitting at your desk and listening to a demotivated teacher in front of you knowing that he knows everything relevant for the lesson, but you are not really concentrated because the atmosphere is terrible. Or would you rather be in a lesson which is interesting and in which you see that the teacher relates great with the class?
It`s a fact that the students learn more effective if the atmosphere is good. The process of learning makes more fun and the students are more concentrated. 
Another aspect is, that often the lessons are based on teaching exactly the things that are written in the books. The students don't ask why it is like that, they just learn, try to acieve good grades. But it is also important to discuss things why they are like they are. When the teacher forgets something why not discuss about it how it could be? This leads to own thinking and critical inspection.
In my opinion both things, the knowledge and the relation to the students are important. But I give more importance to the relation because even if the teacher doesn`t know something, there are always possibilities to get to know the things that are missing or got forgotten. I mean, there's the internet nowadays, isn't it? 