Teaching isn't an easy profession and none can tell you how to do it the right way. The idea of teachers who want to engage with their students and so create a comfortable atmosphere for their students might be helpful and important,  but there are also the ones who only want to teach their subject and do not want to talk to any of the students at all. Yet, what is more important about teaching? The ability of being able to relate to your students or the knowledge being passed on to your students? Do teachers need to be friends with their students in order to be a good teacher? In the following essay I am going to explain why the knowledge being taught is more important.
Firstly, we have to agree on the point that students don't attend school in order to engage with their teachers. Students go to school so that they can learn and gather as much knowledge as possible. The varity of subjects students have to learn is enormous and yet everything that we learn is supposed to stay in our minds forever.
This can only happen if teachers focus on the way the teach their subject. Successful if they summarise their themes well to teach a theme accuratly and understandably.
On the other hand, students are more likely to understand and engage in the lessons when they like their teacher. Teachers that try to creat a lesson creativly or funny try to relate to their students and are more welcome than teachers that do not engage with their students at all. By creating said comfortable atmosphere, the students may trust their teachers more and dare to come if problems accurr.
To come to a conclusion, I highly disagree with the statement mentionend in the task because I really believe that the amount of knowledge being passed on to the students is more important. We only have a certain amount of time and space to gather as much knowledge as possible and to do that a teacher must be able to teach his subject excellently. I prefer a teacher that is rather rugh but teaches me how to speak Italien perfectly. 
