Nowadays it is one of the most discussed themes when it comes to students talking about their teachers; Do they like the teacher as a person or not.
We all know that it's important to have teachers we like but ist ist more important to have nice and friendly teachers than teachers with a lot of knowledge?

An argument which supports the statement, is that sudents are a lot more motivated when they get to work with a teacher which is nice and sympathetic. A persons motivation is mostly based on their environnement. If there are people around you, who you like, its easier to be yourself and to feel good.

What also supports the statement, is that if you share your opinion with your teacher, you're more likely to understand and interact with him. The relationship between teacher and stundent is more positive if both of them agree with the other's opinion. It's less likely to get into an argument if you and your teacher are accepting and respecting each other.

The last argument is that when the student relates well with the teacher they are closer to each other in a phsychological way. Instead of seeing your teacher just as a common teacher, you see him as a person which is supporting you and is here to help you in difficut situations.

But there are also arguments speaking against the statement.
Firstly it is very important for our education that were being thought well and that the teacher tells us things which are accurate and important.
The teachers knowlege is what later will be our own knowledge.

Whats also very impotant is that the teachers are here to educate us, not to be good friends with whom we party all day. it's extemely imprtant that the lessons are serious and that we learn hw to behave and how to listen to someone even if you're maybe not intersted. Sudents have to show respect to their teachers.

Lastly we have to learn how life is, because later in life we don't alway have bosses we like. we have to lear how to work with people we don't like a lot. There are so many situation in which we have to do something which is maybe not what we want to, even if ist the right thing.

In my opinion I agree with the statement because i learned from myfesl that the teachers which whith i have a good relationship are the teaches i like and based on that the subjects i like. If it's hard for me to like the person teaching me, its even harder to like the subject the person teaches.