The accurracy of this statement depends on what kind of teacher it is. If the teacher doesn't speak the language he teaches fluently, the students will have trouble with a bad accent or missing vocabular. But if the taught subject is maths for example, I think it is, depending on the level on which the students are, not as important that the teacher has excellent knowledge. 

It also makes a difference if it is an elementary school teacher or a professor at a university. If the students have to study the specific subject really well, the teacher must have excellent knowledge. Also, I think older students can handle it if the teacher doesn't really connect with them. In my opininon, a good relationship between teacher and students is especially important in primary and middle school, because the kids are quite young and sometimes need guidance through difficult phases, in which the teacher can be a good person to talk to. Besides that, children don't learn very detailled or specific things from first to sixth grade. For those reasons I think it isn't as important that the teacher has excellent knowledge.

Another aspect is, that a teacher who has a good connection to his students has a better chance to explain things to them so they really understand it. If a teacher can relate with his students, he can tell if they are totally lost and don't understand a word he says. Again, younger children might be afraid to ask so a friendly and understanding teacher is more important than a teacher who knows it all but can't connect with his students. Another problem is that sometimes teachers who can't relate to their class fail to see their mistakes in teaching or that the students don't understand anything at all. If the teacher-student relationship is  bad, it can lead to missing motivation and bad grades.

Overall, I think that the importance of a teacher's ability to relate with the students decreases the older the students get. If you are at university, it is more important to learn correct information than be "friends" with your teachers. But for young kids it can be good to have another adult to talk to than their parents and also a teacher who can explain well, so that they understand all the basics. 