After being in the Swiss schoolsystem for nearly twelve years I have had pretty much every kind of teacher you could imagine. Nice ones, mean ones, messy ones , overorganized ones and a bunch of others.
There have been teacher with a huge knowlegde of their subject and there have been some with an awesome ability to relate with the students in their class, sometimes I even found both in one teacher. But what is more important?

The above shown statement says that the ability to relate would be the more important skill for a teacher to have. Being able to see a students individual needs surely is an important task. To be able as a teacher to understand what a student needs to understand the subject thought can be a major impact on the fact if he or she will be able to ever pass this particular class. 
But also knowledge is very important. A teacher with few knowledge concerning the subject he teaches will never be able to make a student manage a subject no matter how understanding and relating he might is with his students.The teacher needs to be able to answer complicated questions if they might make the student get things easier. A lot of knowledge also makes a student respect a teacher more. Even if he is learning easy tasks he will learn them better knowing they are thought by someone very skilled and trustworthy in this subject.

Where an agreement on the statement above would be possible is if we talked about elementary school. Teaching kids at the ages of six or seven years the ability to relate to them would stand in front of the knowledge just because they are not old enough to look after themselfes and need more guidance also in learning.
In the overall schoolsystem though the major key to being a successful teacher and having successful students would be to find a perfecet match of both those skills. To have the ability to understand students and to be able to teach them concerning to their personalities, their needs and wants but toalso be master over your subject. to be able to alsways know a little more than the student knows and this way be able to explain what ever comes up. 