I think this is a terrible statement. Yes, a teacher has an advantage at teaching his students if he can relate to them but this relationship is definetley not more important than an excellent knowledge. 
I understand what the author of this statement is trying to say. He thinks, if a teacher cannot connect with his students, they won't be as attentive and will not be as willing to learn as for the case where there would be a connection between the two counterparts. A teacher who has the ability to relate to his students understands what they're feeling and can build his teachingplan around this. A relateble teacher is liked by the class and will be listend to and will not be disrespected. I can agree, that in Kindergarten and early primary school it is a very good quality to be able to relate to the children, but as they get older, the quality of the knowledge they recieve becomes a higher priority. If all the tudor teaches is utter rubbisch then there is no point in teaching. The students may listen to everything the teachers says and remember it all, but the information could be completely false and useless. This is terrible for the students, as they trust this teacher and will believe anything that he says.
I'm relating this statement to my  current schoollife and here I think it is 100% clear that a connection between teacher and student is in no way as important as the knowledge, the teacher hands on to his pupils. I personally want to learn something in school and not instead have a teacher who can relate to me and be my friend. If a school has a vacant teaching position, the personality of the candidate will only have a smaller value compared to another candidates knowledge and expierience in the given field. "Knowledge is key!" If a teacher posses both traits then this is fantastic, as he will be able to teach his excellent knowledge in a very efficient way and the pupils will pay attention. But if it's a choice of either a teacher who can relate or one who has a vast understanding of the subject, I will have to chose the later one. Even though I'd love the first one, realisticly the one with the proper knowledge is the sensible choice.