As a Student in this state school for higher education it is reasonable that I am in daily contact with teachers.
Acutally the given topic is quite a good one because of that reason. We as students of this school often critique the teachers on how they teach us certain topics. So here are some of my thoughts about that.
I actually don't really agree with the given Statement. But in my oppionion it depends in which grade the teacher is giving classes. At primary school for example it is maybe true that as a teacher you need to have a very good relationsship to your students because they're younger and are used to a personal realtionship from their home and family. But the higher the grades are I don't really agree as I already mentioned. In fact i want to write specifically about the teachers in this state school for higher education. We're all here because we made the decision that we want to go to this school and afterwards to an university. So it is not like in primary school where you have to attnend the classes. Of course we have to attend classes aswell but the teachers don't punish us that hard if we don't like in primary school for example. Because of the fact that we are here voluntarily. And the teachers have to adapt to that. So it's important for us students that the teachers have an excellent knowledge of what they are teaching us because we need to have all the precise information. So if a teacher would try to create a very nice relationship to us students it would probably be a waste of time. In fact in my oppionion a lot of teachers are wasting plenty of time every lesson but that's a subject for itself. Altough we don't want a teacher to be too personal it is nice if a teacher is giving us some small inforamtions about his private life sometimes. Like that the teacher creates a nice atmosphere in the classroom that keeps us motivated. A last point that I want to mention is that is important that the teacher can relate with sutdents when he realizes that certain subjects are too hard for the students at the moment. If a teacher can relate in that way with sutdents then he is doing is job the right way.
So to summ it all up I give you a quick summary. Teachers need to have an excellent knowledge of what they are teaching us. That't the most important thing. They don't have to waste time trying to relate too much with us but need to have an overview over the class and the comprehension when to take something a little slower. Some teachers at this school actually do their job really well in relation to the given statement but some are just really bad. 