In our time in school everyone experienced different types of teachers and learning methodes. Some teachers are very strict whereas some are calm and relaxed. But which type of teacher does make us benefit the most? In this essay I will describe how the different types of teacher affect a students learning during the time in class.

It is unquestionable that a teachers job is to teach the students what he knows about a specific topic and prepare them for university. Some teacher try to do that with being strict and extremely well-organised, which forces the student to be prepared for every class and stay concentrated during the lesson. The problem with this kind of class is that the most students start disliking those subjects because it is absolutely no fun for students to being forced to learn and be focused. The students will improve their subjects skills alot during class but they will not do it out of their effort, which affects their learning at home.
This is one of the problems that do not happen in a class where the teacher tries to make interesting lessons for the student and also tries to interact with them. This method of teaching affects that the students start liking the teacher and usually students like the classes that are taught by their favorite teachers. The problem with that is that unfortunatelly alot of students start being unfocused in class by for example playing blackjack on their phone.

In conclusion I can clearly say that both ways of teaching have advantages but also disadvantages. In some classes students prefer to listen to the teacher but sometimes it is also nice to do the school stuff at home because it is easier to stay concentrated when there is nobody around you. I personally prefer the kind of teacher, that is nice to the students and tries to make his classes as interesting as possible by showing movies or doing experiments with the class. If someone is really motivated for school he will learn alot in this kind of classes because it is easier to follow the teacher and have actually the intention to learn something. Nearly everone can say that we learned the most in the classes that we were interested in and in which we liked the teacher and had a good relationship to him or her. Very often that was also the class that we were good in. This is why I relate to the given statement because it is easier to concentrate, being motivated and stay focused in classes with teachers who relate to the students.



