We've all had a favorite teacher in school. In most of the cases this teacher was chosen by you not based on his knowledge or his intellect but based on his personality and nature. But is being well-liked more improtant than knowledge?

A teacher is not someone who you have to be friends with.It's someone who tries to teach you a subject and extend your knowledge. Intellect is far more important, because it's what teachers are paid to do. They souldn't fulfill yur partents job but do theirs. 

On the other hand is a good teacher someone who is empathatic and caring. Someone who can fully relate with his students. Students have to feel like they are understood by their teacher and could even tell him about problems in their personal life. This is because teachers can have a great influence when it comes to the development of their students. For example, we once had a history teacher that from the first lesson on became our favorite. He loved History and knew a lot but this wasn't the reason for why we was so well-liked. He had the abilty of making us feel understood within seconds. This teacher always told us about his time in school: his struggles, his problems and his work-ethic. He made us feel like he knew how we felt. Through this he motivated us and History soon bacame a subject we were all looking forward to. With his excentic personality he enchanted us every lesson. His nature could make farmers in the middle ages feel like the most exciting thing in the world. What I tried to show with this example was, that it matters more what the teacher is like and if he can relate well with his students than if his knowledge is enormous. If a teacher is well-liked by his students due to his personality, they will fast become more and more interessted in his subject. Isn't this what a teachers' goal to motivate students?

Yes, I believe that it matters more what the teacher is like than if he can tell you evrything about his subject. It can motivate students and improve their grades.