Sooner or later every student will come accross a teacher with an outstanding ability to relate with students. Every student will also be teached by a highly educated teacher with incredibly deep knowledge of his subject. What is it that makes a teacher a good teacher?

First and foremost it is important how a teacher structures his class and how he/she teaches. A teacher being able to bring accross a topic so that each student finds it interesting is an ability that outweighs many other points. There for sure is teachers that are very well informed that have this treaty but it often seems that teachers with a great understanding for students excell in this point more than their maybe higher educated colleagues.

Another argument is the importance of a good relationship between students and teachers. A teacher who is willing to take her/his time for each student and one who shows interest in a students personal affairs to some point is often liked more than teacher that only care for there subject. It is highly appreaciated by students when teachers step out of their obligations and offer further support to students.

On the other hand the importance of a teacher with excellent knowledge of his/her subject mustn't be underestimated. A teacher who can answer any question a student asks and give deeper information and details on a question awakes interest in a subject in many students. Often it is these little things for which a student chooses to like or dislike a class.

A further point to support the importance of a highly educated teacher is that a greater knowledge often brings more variety. With a deep understanding of his subject a teacher can change up the way of teaching in many ways, if he/she is willing to do so.

That brings us to a negative side of highly educated knowledge that many students experience at one point. At highschools it doesn't happen seldom that teachers know too much to be able to bring it down to a level that makes it understandable for a student.

In conclusion it is to say that not only the knowledge of a teacher but also his/her relation to the students matter. In my opinion it is important that a teacher is well infomed but the point how a teacher relates with students outweighs the educational level. All in all a teacher has to be a good mixture of all the arguments stated in this essay. 