The question is, if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

Well, how do children learn? What's theire main factor, which makes them learn for school. As we know children tend to be very curious. They want to learn about every little detail they see in the world. That's why children often are very ambicious with learning. But, as they get in school ''learning'' gets different. It's the first time they get forced to learn. Even they may want to play or something else.
That's where the relation to his teacher gets very important. As long as it feels protectet and the teacher is interesting and nice, also patient, the atmosphere for learning stays good. The child may see the teacher as (Vorbild), whom he can learn much from. A child does not devide whether the teacher has an excellent knowledge or not.
When we get older, the relationship between teacher and student stays very important. Because it can decide which subject we like and which one we don't.
And as we know we tend to prefer the stuff we like.

On the other hand, you may think that as we get older our questions get deeper, so we have to have teachers with a great ability of teaching and a big knowledge of theire subject.
A teacher with a luck of both may be very uninteresting for students and also affect the relation ship between them.
So a teacher which may have a big ability to relate with students, can not stay theire teacher for very long. Because it would mean the student would stuck somewhere and not learn more. And that's where it can even affect the relationship between them.

In my opinion a teachers ability to relate with students is very important as it can decide whether we like a subject or we don't. But what I think is even more important is the teachers ability of teaching. Because as long as the subject stays clear, interesting and important I guess all students thend to learn. A big knowledge is good to have as older the student gets, but not as important as the other to factors.

