Bad teachers

We all know bad teachers. The only reason why they come to school is to earn money.  A lot of teachers does not interest how the students feel and why. This is a fact! At the gymnasium in Oberwil there are also a lot of very bad teachers. The teachers are bad because of two reasons. First the haven not enough knowlege about the topic. Sencond, the realationship between the students and the teacher is very bad. Students does not like teachers because a teacher is a teacher. Teachers are often person who are not very intelligent and do not look very well. They live their own life in sadness. A lot of teachers like to see their students sad.

Of course there are also good teachers. They have a lot knowlege and also a good relationship with the students. Both is very important for the succes. But witch is more important? More important is that a teacher is ability to relate well with students. Without that a student cannot profit from the knowledge from the teacher. It is a mixture from both. Without knowledge students stay stupid and withou a good relationship students stay also stupid.

An exemle from a teacher in our school:
Mr. X come every morning in school and chill his life. He or She cares about nothing. Now you ask me why thy came to school when he or she does not like his or her job. It is the money! Perhaps (it is also a good point) is the see the students sad, angy and without energie for nothing. He or she or she or he (political correctness) likes to give bad notes. A one (we are in Switzerland, not in Germany) can save the teachers day. I personally have not experience with this kind of grade but I have friends they have. After she or he returned the (bad) test he or she make a loud laughing (but not a funny laughing) This teacher has not the knwledge but I think all in all it is a good teacher.

A bad realationship can help the students. They lern more to punish to teacher. This is simple psychologie.

At the end of this essey I will say thank you for all my good and bad teachers. A few have a lot of knwledge, some have not. But I like to go to school. Now I am finish since 20 minutes but I can not live the room. I do not know why. I must accepte this. This is our school. Write a English essay and not have a free afternoon. Good job.
