To me a teacher is seomthing similiar to a source of knowledge, especially in courses like biology or chemistry. Being able to ask my teacher about specific details or explanations is thus very important to me, even necessary.
While a good relation with the students would probably lessen tension in the class, it would`t really improve or affect the quality of the lesson, wouldn`t it. That said, in courses like drawing or the choir, a good relationship with the students would help for sure, being able to understand their problems and being able to motivate them to work. Here an excellent or deep knowledge isn`t initially required to accomplish the goal of the class, given it`s nature. 

In my opinion this also changes between gradeschool, highschool and so forth. In gradeschool the teacher is more something of an Idol, a person that gets along with you and that gets you used to learning things. In highschool you`ve grown up some more and you`re having more responsibility, you`re starting to learn about more complicate matters. thus requiring greater knowledge from the teachers. Further up, in the gymnasium or even at university a lack of knowledge would be fatal! Now people choose specific directions in their studies, trying to improve on them and learn more indepth things. Having a biology teacher that simply quotes Wikipedia and has to look up explanations wouldn`t be of any help at all!

Then again, if the teacher is not respected nor accepted by the class he will have problems gaining and maintaining their attention in order to hold his classes. I can say from experience that students just won`t listen to teachers they have no respect of. If you can`t make your point and "force" it through then the students probably won`t listen to you. In other words, a certain basis of shared understanding, relation and respect is necessary in order to hold a sucsessful course.

To mention a specific example, I used to have a physics teacher who was the "excellent knowledge only" kind of guy. He was a professor, doktor, doktor and a respected personality on his field. But if you can`t explain to your students how something works or even understand what matters to them, how can you teach them? For him everything was as clear as day in physics so he simply couldn`t understand why WE couldn`t understand what he was trying to teach  us! (On a side note, the class average went up by over a grade when we had a substitute teacher for half a year because he was sick...) 

To conclude my thoughts, I personally think that a mix of both the ability to relate and a deep knowledge of the subject are required in order to give a good course. It may vary between the different fields in school but I`m certain that more and more knowledge is required the further you go up in a school career. After all the interests and the content of the classes become more and more complicated aswell. Thus, to me a good teacher is somewhat close to his students while being versatile in his subject by knowing alot about it. They can`t know everything of course, looking up something from time to time is fine by me. I don`t need the teacher to be my best friend. Being on a friendly basis might help though, it makes things easier in my opinion.
