Most teachers working at a gymnasium have extensively studied one or more subjects and have had a few years of teaching education. This leads to many qualified teachers with excellent knowledge of their subject or subjects, but fewer abilities to relate to students and build a work relationship with them. Some others have a natural ability for working with students, and can relate well to them without much practice or education, and still have a great knowledge of what they are teaching.

It is more important for teachers to relate well with students than have good knowledge of their subject, because otherwise students will not be motivated to learn. If a teacher is just smart, the lessons will likely be boring. This can be seen in a physics lesson I once attended. The teacher was extremely intelligent, but could not pass the material and passion on, causing the students to be on their phones or talking during the lesson. This links to the teacher having to be able to transmit the curriculum well by giving the students a comfortable atmosphere to work in. If this is not the case, it will be difficult to teach.

On the other hand, if a teacher is more focused on the relationship between themselves and their students than on their knowledge on a subject, the students will fear that they are taught wrong information or they do not learn anything at all. An example for this would be a teacher having a buddy-relationship with a student, but being so concentrated on this, that they forget to prepare lessons. Another problem occuring if a teacher has a close relationship is that they want to be well liked causing them to distract the students from learning, in order to protect the "friendship" between teacher and students. This is possible because although students come to school to learn, many do not mind lessons being dropped or not doing any work during the lessons. This is a deficit in our society, which can be exploited by teachers wanting to be cool and relate with their students.

In my opinion, students and teachers should get along well, but the teacher should also have a great knowledge of his or her subject. This should become clear in discussions and during the lessons. Still, if a teacher does not relate with the students, the students will not be keen on learning anything at all.