"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject beeing thaught." This statement explains pretty straight forward, that a teacher must have the ability to interact with students. This is even more important, than the knowledge of the subject he teaches the students. Teachers with the ability to relate well with sudents are better able to explain things. Students are very likely going to learn more. For these reasons the statement is true.

First of all, there are many teachers, who know enormous much about a specific subject. But are they good teachers? A good teacher has to teach students something. The most important thing about teaching is that students understand a subject afterwards. So it is not enough to know much about a subject, a teacher needs the ability to explain, what has to to with relating with students. Excellent knowlege is useless as long as the students are not able to understand the teachers explanations.

Furthermore, learning - which is what happens on the students side while teaching - is easier with some fun aspects. In many cases, the only possibility to get these fun aspects into the classroom is through the teacher. A teacher liked by the students because he is funny can teach more things to his students. 

A good point of critics is, that a teacher with nearly no knowledge about a subject can therefore not teach the students on this subject. This is true. Teachers with only a little more knowledge than students cannot teach much. But if he does well prepared  and funny lessons, students can learn something. So this critics does not change anything on the correctnes of the beginning statement.

All together, the statement is true for multiple reasons. Students can learn more with a teacher able to interact with them while explaining. In my opinion, the knowledge about a subject is also important, but a teacher with no knowledge should not be a teacher, should he? Probably not, so all teachers will have much knowledge. Therefore the ability to relate well with students is very important. Knowledge only secondary.

