The relation between teacher and his students on university level plays not an important role in their education. The age of the students I consider here is about 20, and not that affected anymore by the relation between teacher and students. Further is the interest on the subject itself and the student's motivation to receive education important. Also needs every different subject another teacher-student relation.

First of all should students with the age of 20 and more be able to differentiate the influence of a teacher and the subject itself. When a student is interested in a subject, the teacher shouldn't have a big impact on them, wether ina positive nor a negative way. The main motivation should be on the subject itself no matter what personality the teacher has. 

As a second argument is the excellent knowledge of the teacher highly important. The goal for a teacher should always be to offer students the best possible education. Consequently is his knowledge the main instrument to teach his students. His emotional based personality or ideology must be in the background, because students at university must be interested in the theories and models the teacher is talking about, and not on his own ideas.  

As a last argument we have to differentiate the subjects where teacher-student relations appear differently. Some subjects need a more emotional relation, for example music or art subjects, where the personality makes a big difference in the creative outcome of their work. A music teacher should be able to relate well with his students, because making music involves always an amount of presenting themselves, more precisely, a part of their personality. Compared to other subjects like philosophy or economy, it is here more important to receive a neutral and theoretical based education than to have a good relation with the teacher. Especially in the science subject, for example chemistry, physicy or maths is the excellent knowlodge of the teacher the key to learn something.

As a conclusion it is to say that on an university level the relation between teacher and students has a lower necessity than the theacher's knowledge. Of course we have to make a difference in the subjects, but for science subjects and theoretical based subjects, the relation has not a big impact on the student's education.        
