Are there any teachers who have the ability to relate well with students and the excelent knowledge of the subject being taught? 
This is a question I asked myself several times before. I think every student should think about this at least once in his career of school. That`s what we do. After a lesson we are always complaining about something. A teacher being late or too much homeworks for exemple. But have we ever asked ourselfes what the teachers may talk about us behind our backs?

I think there are hardly any places where everyone likes everyone. So a teacher can not relate with one student the same way as he does it with another one. Sometimes we are just to different. You might argue that, if you consider that fact,the knowledge is in this case much more important then the relation with each student. 

But if you are not at the same level with your teacher it might get you down and so you are not interrested in learning new kind of stuff. If this is going to happen, the teacher's knowledge does'nt bother you anyway. 

Imagine two students. One of them is relating well with the teacher and so he's interrested in the stuff he can learn. Even if he wouldn't be interested he would learn a lot because he's polite becaus the teacher is polite and so he's always listening to what's the teacher talking about. But the other one does'nt like the thacher. He's not listening and the teacher is not interrested in teaching him new stuff or explaining him thinghs. 

But even if the knwledge of the teacher would be not important for the second student it's important for the first one.

I'll come to my conclusion. The teachers ability to relate well with his students is not more important then the excellent knowlede of the subject being taught. Both is important because if you like somebody, you listen to this person and so she can't be stupid but then it would'nt give you a lot of useful knowledge. And if the teacher can relate well the guys who are not interrested in the stuff being taught are maybe listening as well. 

