Teacher - ability and knowledge
Often students aren't happy with their teacher. they are rude and want to much. Or they aren't really able to explain well or to live with the sentences they teach us. The question which often has been asked is if teacher's ability to relate with students is more important than an excellent knowledge of their subjects.

In fact, teacher has to be confident by their subject, have to know what they want to teach their students and how they can explain it well. But to be able to do this, they have to have an excellent knowledge themselves. Sutdents are able to Remarque that their teachers were unsure of a certain point. If that often comes, then students are unsure too, or even feel to change the teacher. A teacher who isn't really confident by his own subject is not a teacher who can give well lessons. It could also happen that a teacher regurgitate oftan what he knows without moving on, because his knowledge ends their. students maybe feel unsure also or later have a lack by loosing important information.
Another problem of just relate well with the children can be that the teacher exaggerate by doing that, so he is really nice and funny, but the children aren't able to study well, because the teacher is too funny.  
On the other hand, it is important that a teacher can feel with the students. If for example a teacher is really good at his subject and longs for teach it well and completely, than it can happen that he don't understand students who aren't able to follow his thoughts, because he uses to many foreign words or a highly choosen language. Or a teacher wants to much from a student, because for him it is all easy. Then the student is desperate and begins to hate the subject. A teacher has to understand his students to be a well teacher. 
Withouth passion it don't works. Often a teacher who likes his subject and understands it well, begins to explain it playfully and with the whole heart to his students, so they are able to understand it better.  Teachers, well at their subject, but not really passioned to be teachers, bring the material with simple facts in front of their students, who maybe don't know what to do with thtat facts. Teachers have to give lessons with love for giving lessons.

there is the argument from a teacher who don't understand his onw sugject and the question of been able to understand students, even if they don't understand the subject. My opinion to this ist, that a teacher nees a good knowledge of what they teach, but it also is important that he's able to give the knowledge well structured to his students, with love and patience. at the end, I asked me the question, what an excellent knowledge exatly means. before we really can make a decision about that subject, I think we have to define that expression. 
