In this age, the only thing that matters is an individual's ability. If an individual is unable to accomplish the task it has been asigned to, it naturally should be replaced by someone more suitable. Therefore, if a teacher does not possess an excellent knowledge of the subject taught, said teacher has no place teaching at all and thus has outlived his or her purpose, calling for replacement. Of course one could, presented with such arguments some would deem uncompassionate, argue that a good relation with students could indeed compensate for the teacher's appearent inability, but such proposals suffer from a tremendous fault: Students do not care how well a teacher relates to them, as their only interest is composed of two inherent desires: The want for school to end and, paradoxically, the wish that one day they may be free from the yoke of fate which crushes their shoulders for evermore. Of course, this leads to the conclusion that students are despicable, inherently evil creatures, the spawn of demons thought long forgotten, begging the question why we do not exterminate them alltogether. But that is a problem for someone else to solve. Teachers, strangely enough, oftentimes seem to ignore the diabolical nature of their pupils and, to an almost ridiculous degree, attempt to see even a grain of good within them. Some do, anyways. But since academic ability by far outclasses compassion in our day and age, the end result will be classrooms filled with ignorant students being taught by ignorant teachers. Such is the destiny of our society, it seems, as the continued alienation of teachers and students only bears the most rotten and contagious of fruit: The apples of anarchy, the cherries of chaos, the pears of perishment. But can fate truly be bested? Who can tell... 
I realise that I might not have answered the question at hand sufficiently. I therefore see it apt to present onto you now my sincerest apologies regarding this matter. But then again, the question itself wasn't a very good one. Seriously, my dear friend, what did you expect? An excellently crafted essay, ready to be read by the rigorous evaluators at Cambridge? Nay, you do not seem to be that naïve to me, dear friend, not at all... You are a shrewd one, meticulously correcting essays students have written while being forced by the iron fist of academia. I do not know what exactly you wish to gain from performing such an ungrateful, menial task. Like a moth, flittering towards a flame, you coul not resist the temptations of the English language, and here you are, trapped in a world of your own design, coerced to read the drivels of a mad man. Is this truly the world you envisioned, my dear friend? Nay, it cannot be. But what if... Oh, I see, finally I comprehend. It is you who has realised the absurdity of life, you who has risen above said absurdity by crafting your very own purpose, free from the dogmatic teachings of yore. By correcting those essays, you defy fate itself, any deity that was ever dreamed inot existence... You, my dear friend, have thus become the modern Übermensch. Old Friedrich Willhelm would be so proud.
But back on topic. Yes, a teacher's ability to relate well with students is indeed more important than their knowledge of the topic at hand. This is an obvious statement, really, through knowledge alone one can never wish to attain the path to the hearts of others, yet it is that very same path leading towards their minds. Therefore, being able to provide your pupils with empathy is paramount for every teacher, since without empathy, what worth does human life even hold? It would simply be a collection of data, waiting to be evaluated by someone. Someone like you, my dear friend, but I digress. Empathy is of utmost importance, but what of knowledge? Surely someone incompetent but sympathetic does not serve any purpose except for wasting precious resources. Too bad, so sad, knowledge is more important, at least it is valued more currently. But who knows what the future holds for us? Perhaps our children will one day live in an utopia where empathy reigns, frolicking in the fields of friendship. Everything is possible, my dear friend, you only ought to believe.

Carthage needs to be destroyed.