The following text is about the named statement. Television is today more impportant than in the past. In the past the children go outside an play with other children. So its different than today. Most of children watch television so they are at their own. I disagree with this statement because young children aged of two to five should be learn to play with other children at their age. When they look tv the children are independent of this media so they can't live without watching tv. So the children should be play with their parents or with other children because they aren't be alone and also they meet new people. The reason is that they are in contact with others and that's better for their future. It ist so important because later they can meet new friends easier than without playing with others. The children without playimg with other children don't know the contact with others. So the relationship to other children is better when the children play with other children. 
An arguement could be that the television shows pograms which aren't good for young children. Also the pograms are for older children (aged seven). Many pograms aren't real but the children watch them and think they want do the same. So the television isn't real. Many pograms could be dangerous for young children so they dreams bad and that's not good for their little life. 
Much peeple say that television is good for their future and it's is the real life b ut it isn't it. The shows are played of actors who leatn their text and then play it for the camera and the pproducer. So it isn't the real life. 
"The children can learn of watching tv" That isn't right because the children learn more in playing with toys. Beside they learn the rules of their parents and they know in which their are allowed to something and what it isn't allowed to do. 
So the children should'nt watch television because they are things which are better than that. Also the independence of watching television is tall so later when they are older they want watching tv all the time. Then they don't meet friends or do a hobby.
The age of two to five is the most important time of the life of a children because they learn so much about the life and deleope in a fast time. The developement of a child in this age is 