There are arguments for and against the prohibition of television advertising directed toward younger children, which I will summarize and analyze in the following text .

First of all it is well-known that little children are heavily influenced by their surroundings, so that they can get manipulated easily as well. This can be used effectively by television advertisements, which portray them a false picture of reality, causing children to ask their parents for things they don't actually need. This is often the case with toys, that are shown to be really fun in advertisements, while in reality they often are quite lame.
Additionally children can't even realize, when they are getting baited by a company, so that it is up to the parents to explain why a particular product is not as good as portraied in the TV, which most of the time can't be understood by children, which might lead to some sort of unhappiness.

Nevertheless one can argue if this is reason enough to prohibit advertisements directed toward young children, since it would be pretty hard to establish. Nowadays it is common, that even little children spend some time in front of the TV and since there has to be some sort of advertising between two shows that are made for children, it wouldn't be too clever to put something in there, that isn't directed toward children as well.
Furthermore there are some advertisements that might have a positive consequence on children, for example if an ad promotes physical activity, like going outside and playing with friends, although this is quite rarely the case.

Eventually I think that it really depends on what sort of advertisement it is and what product is getting advertised. As for the previous example with toys: if a false picture of the toy is portraied, to bait consumers into buying, that is obviously not the right way to do it.
However an absolute prohibition is, in my opinion, nearly impossible to to happen, because TV companies have to earn their money and companies that produce shows for children are no exception. But as just mentioned, it's the quality of the advertisement that really matters, thus instead of wanting to prohibit them all, one should rather ask for more appropriate ads, that don't damage young children in any way.
