In the following text I am going to evaluate if I agree or disagree with the statement that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed.

Usually I would say that it does not matter to me what kind of advertisement they are showing during different shows or films, but this statement made me think about it. And so now this is waht I came up with.
Advertisement is something that we all hate I guess I can say that. But sometimes especially the ones for little kids are just funny and entertaining to watch. Furthermore it is brilliant to see how happy kids can get just by watching the little clip of maybe just 10 seconds. Also, isn't it just really nice to see all the new things they are inventing for them? And sometimes you even feel like you want to be a little kid again just to be able to try all these brand-new amazing things.

But there is also the other side of the problem.
First of all I think that children in that age should not be watching as much television at all. I feel like if they are watching all these advertisements between their movie they are going to want these things really bad most of the times. We all know that situation don't we? There is a new advertisement on the TV showing something really nice, you are going to get the feeling of really wanting to be owner of this. So it can start to be really annoying, especially for parents, if kids will never stop talking about wanting what they just saw on the TV. The parents, or somebody else, eventually has to buy it and after a while it gets boring or they are going to start wanting something new. So people just keep spending money and more money on things their kids see in an advertisement.
Moreover industries invent toys or other things that are dangerous for kids. If they are going to see that on the TV, they are going to really want to play with something like that.
In addition to that I can say that advertisements are rarely showing the truth. Sometimes the toy or whatever isn't as fancy as it seems or people in the advertisement do not show the right behavior that the parents taught them before, so kids are going to question everything and we all know how annoying this could end.
Also, did you realize that we barely even have conversations in this time anymore? We barely talk to each other and that is also because of people spending too much time with social media and other electronical devices. I think the little kids from today should go outside and ask their friend about their new toy better than watching TV and seeing all the new things there. I also remember me having fun to go outside and not having to worry about an television advertisement. But I sure have to say that I remember me really wanting something from an advertisement as well.

As you can see this is a topic people could probably discuss about all day. But in my opinion I have to say that I do agree with the statement above. I think television advertisement toward young children should not be allowed, because there is so many more exciting things in this world they should see, and they shouldn't get jealous of other kids, because they have something new from the advertisement that they do not have. And also, their parents would probably also have a much easier life.