Sould advertising directed to young children (aged two to five) be allowed or not?
This is a very controversial question and it is hard to decide between yes and no. I would like to evaluate the two options and come to a conclusion, answer or solution.

A lot of people believe that it is unethical to introduce children to the world of this kind of economy at the age of two years. These young children should not bother about whether they want a pink barbie doll or a blue pegasus-unicorn just from looking at television advertisements because they could have been influenced too much. It might be possible that they don´t even want some of the things shown in the advertisement but beg their parents anyways just because they´ve seen it on TV. Sure, there are other people who say that thats the concept of advertising but most people do not want to buy some things to their children and experience that they don´t use it or play with it.
Another argument against advertising directed to children is that it might not be worth it for some companies to direct it to children. Not many children watch television at the age of two or don´t understand the content of the advertisement. That sounds like the companies that make adverts for children lose more money by putting the advertisement on national television than for actually selling the product.
However, the parents of the young children might want to buy some of the products because they believe that they are good for their toddlers and that they might enjoy it. Seen from this angle, those television spots aren´t directly produced for young children but more for parents of young children.

I belive that television advertisements should not be directed toward young children because I believe that it is just a waste of money and time for the companies that decide to produce a  television advertisement because I belive that young children don´t need to watch television and they shouldn´t be talked into  things they don´t truly want.
In my opinion, advertisements can be directed to children aged five and older because I believe they can handle the input of information better that chikdren younger than five.