I think it's okay if children want to watch television. But it's also important to think about the consequences. When I was in the age (two to five) I've loved to watch it but I think the main reason was that my parents didn't allowed me to watch it. Me and my siblings were allowed to watch from 7.00 pm to 7.50 pm. It was a tradition and everyone looked forward to these fifty minutes. All in all I'd say it's okay if children are allowed to watch TV. But it's also important to think about what could happen if they watch too much. In my opinion it's not that intelligent to let kids watch TV the whole time. But why? I know that children have to play outside and do things without any technology. I'm from the generation where the media got important. I'm lucky that I had a childhood without a phone or a computer - all these things were something my parents didn't allowed me to play with. I remember the happiness i've felt when my father gave me his phone for a minute or when my parents said that I can watch a movie that's longer than forty-five minutes. In fact I'm lucky that I wasn't in the gerneration where phones and other technologies took over. Now, when I see all these five-graders with a cellphone bigger than their heads, I'm happy my parents forced me to play outside. 
Back to the question - I think there are positive things if parents let their kids sit in front of the TV but they have to watch over them. One hour is totally fine for young-aged children. In my opinion parents have to - especially nowadays - be stricter with children or young teenager. You can see what phones and computer did to them. The only thing they care about is what their new profile picture should look like or why they have not that much "likes" at their Instagram-picture. It all started with the television because it's the first technological thing young children can work with. If parents don't watch over them they don't stop watching the TV. And, in my opinion, that's not far away from using a mobile everytime. 
All in all in think it should be allowed for young-aged children to watch TV but parents have to take look if it's not too long or what movie is on the TV. That's another point: Many parents don't care about what their child actually watch. It could be a documentation but also a movie that's not allowed for children under eighteen.
So my opinion is that TV is okay. Me and my family always enjoyed it and I want this for other families, too. But there has to be a limit. If parents know what's good for there children, they can say how long they're allowed to watch. I'm sure that parents who know the consequences are able to say when their children have to stop watching TV. 
If parents are trusting and caring with the fact that their kids use a technological product and a thing that can make "abhängig"(?), it's fine.
But it's important that - especially today - someone watches more over the technological use from children.