In the following Text I will find arguments for and against the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed". A Point for con side is that parents could find out what there children like and dislike playing with. They could look at the reaction of ther children. An angurment that it should not be allowed is that the children like the Television advertising so much that they dont want to leave the Television and look way to much of it. My next Point against that statement is that children could enjoy the advertising between ther series, they dont have to upset when ther serie is ending because ther is an advertising adressing them and not just ther parents. Another Point for the stament is that children could like every spot so much that they want everything what they see and so the parents have to tell the children why it isnt possible to buy them all what they want to have. The most important point against the statement is that the children could enjoy what they are seeing, they could even have fun during the advertising. The most important point for this statement is that the children should not sit in front of the television all the time, they should go and play outside on a playground whit ther parents or ther friends. So if they like the advertising to much they could forget playing outside and when the children are young you could bring them much more easier on your side, so that they do whatever you want. 
I totally agree to this statement, because it could bring the young children to much to the television and could them let forget to play outside. Its much more important that young children learn something in books or outside then watching television advertising just made for them and in the young age its easier to get in that children mind and to let them think what they should think about ther product, so that they want to buy it or the parents should buy it and when they dont buy it the young children are sad. And two to five years is way to early to watch much televisison and television advertising. 