I think televesion towards young children in the age from two to five should not be allowed, because children in that age can be manipulated very easily. They can only watch it and cannot understand, what is shown in the advertisement. When there is a happy child in their age, which is playing with a specific toy from a specific brand, for the advertisement of this brand, the child wants to play with this toy too and it will try to make his parents give him that specific toy, because it can´t really understand that the advertisement it trying to make this effect. When an older child is watching television and sees an advertisement it can understand the things that take place in the advertisement and can see that the advertisement is only an child, who is only playing with this toy for the advertisement and they can make a differce between toys they really want and toys they only want, because the child in the advertisement seemed to be happy, while playing with this toy. But I think televison advertisement towards young children cannot be forbidden, because we live in a democratic state, where everybody can publish, what they wrote or filmed. I think you can only stop advertisement towards young cildren, when it is affecting them in a negative way and then you can only stop a specific spot. But the most advertisements are not affecting the children in a negative way, they only make the children want a toy. And I think that is a very important way for companys to sell their products, because this is the most affective and also the easiest way to reach the children and earn money by selling them specifc toys. So I think advertisement for children sould not be allowed, when it is affecting them in a negative way and sets them under a bad influence. But when televison advertisement towards young children is not allowed it doesn´t stop that young children can be manipulated very easily and want most of the things they see. So I think advertisement towards young children should be allowed. 