"Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should be not allowed. 
This statement is very interesting, especially for parents and also relevant for the future of TV advertising, so let's discuss the pro's and con's about it. 
Firstly young children could grow up in the wrong environment, whenn they gets in connection with TV and advertising in that young age. 
When they always watch TV and see the advertising, that looks good for them, they want to have whatever they want to sell them. So they learn early, that they have to get the latest products on the market and always have to cosum more and more. This way of thinking could stay also when they're adults, so that's just for the companys to let the people buying more products, because the people will never stop, they learned it like that.
But in the other hand children in the age of two to five might not remember much, so they might forget about what TV wanted to show them. 
In this age you normally just started remembering things, because your brain starts working, but not more than the relevant events. That means such memories like the TV advertising could be easily forgotten again and children will not remember it later.
However it is also possible, especially because their brain just started working, that the easily learn to trust advertising. 
A lot of advertising is wrong, like when they told you "it's the best phone in the world" or "with this washing product you clothes get soft as a fluffy dog". 
So when they learn by a young age to trust the advertising, they will never anymore change their opinion and this is what the advertising is for, to make people think their product is the best in the world and they need to have it. 
Even though there's also advertising for young children, most of the advertising the young children will not understand, because it's for older people or they don't know what it is, so they have no idea of it and are just not interested, so why would it be so wrong to have a lot of advertising in TV, when the young children will not understand it though?
Furhtermore their parents will ´watch normally with them togheter television, so they will look, what their childrens are allowed to see and what not. Normally if there's advertising you also don't watch it, but change the channel, so that there's no way, that children can see it.
In my opinion there should be not much advertising, that is directed towards young children, but I also would not let my own children when I'll have some, watch a lot TV. 
