Television advertisment directed toward young children should be allowed. 
I do nott think that advertisment in tv got that much influence. Sure, they are in an age, where they gonna grow up und learn all the things they see. But advertisment in tv got strict rules so they can not influence young children in theire political meaning or something like this. They are free to grow up with any obstacles. Advertisment in tv for young children can be something about the latest "Playmobile-Thing" or "lego". So how should Toys influence the grow up of children? Toys could have a political meaning but strict controling of it prevends that toys with political meaning get on the free market. Children search some heros where they can copy their behavior. Advertisment can influence this cognital process but not that much because children do not sit 24/7 in front of the tv-screen. They spend more time with their parents/friends or someone so they got enough other people, who can be their heros. Advertisment cutted on young children aged two to five have to be interested for them like any other advertisement for other groups of intrest. They can not discuss a toppic, which might be controverse in society. Children in this age two to five got no idea what is happening in world they focused on theirself, they explore their enviroment and try to understand how is physiks working. They meet friends, learn how feelings felt or how social interaction is working. They don not think "who is Donald Trump?" or something like this, it is more interesting how they learned speaking and interacting with other people and advertisement cant influence this behavior. If advertisment can influence this behavior then we should think about our standards on tv. It can't be possible that advertisment in tv can show how to treat someone badly without any consequences. 
I totally disagree with this statement "televison advertising directly toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed. Children can't be influenced in their grow up.
So advertising in tv is completly acceptable. 
