The statement that television advertisments which are directed towards young children shouldn't be allowed is a rather stupid statement. These advertisments aren't in any way bad for them. Let's look at a Play-Dough advertisment. In this kind of advertisments there are just children playing with dough and having fun or for example an advertisment for Playmobil or Lego these advertisments are meant for kids and they don't do anything bad for them. There are just kids playing with things. A Barbie advertisment is a kid palying with Barbies, does that could really do anything bad for them? Could that actually be harm for young children? For example an advertisment for Toys-R-Us is directed towards children. They do not put anything sexually or harmfull things in these advertisments.
On the other hand these advertisments show a specific gender playing with a specific toy. Do you ever see a boy playing with a barbie or a toy-kitchen? No, because the advertisments show that it is supposed to be for girls and not for boys. And the toy Hot-Wheels or Lego is supposed to be for boys, but why? I once read a story about a little boy having his mother buy him a pink stroller. He was very happy with it and ran around with the stroller through his neighborhood. When one woman came up to his mother and asked why she would let him play with a girls toy. And this is a problem. Through these advertisments we show boys that they cannot play with Barbies or anything pink and we show girls that Lego or colours like blue aren't for them. So rather than saying they shouldn't be allowed you should change these advertisments in some way.
In my opinion we should let boys and girls just play with what they want. Pushing gender-roles onto them is like telling them what they cannot do or be or saying what they are supposed to do or be. Do we really want to tell children that playing with a stroller if you are a boy or playing with a racing car if you are a girl is bad? I think we should just let them wear and play with what they want and that these advertisments are just pushing girls and boys into a specific gender-role which they maybe don't even want to be in. Banning them isn't helping anyone, but changing them, showing that boys can play with a toy-kitchen and girls building a Lego-house is way better. It would show kids that know that they don't want to play with any toy for their gender that they can play with or wear whatever they want which is just the reality.    