This essay is about the statement "Television adversiting directed towad young children should not be allowed. 
In my opinions it is a statement, which has a lot of positiv and negativ sides. The people, who put the advertisings into the televison are doing this to sell their products. We're living in a capitalistic system, so everyone tries to get money. It does not really matter, if they try to sell it to little childs or old people. But it's not fair, that they're using manipulation in the television. Its easier to manipulate the young children. And they're abusing this. They know, that the children will try everything to get the products in the television, and they know, that a lot of partens will not say "no" to the whishes of their children. So they not only manipulate the children. They also manipulate the parents of them. They're right and wrong in my opinion. Right, because they just want to make money and sell their products, but also wrong, because they use young children for that. My older sister has three children, and I know how it is if they want something, they have seen in the television. They're crying to get it, and its not easy to say no like with older children. They also put children in their advertising, which are laughing and having fun. So the children, who watched the advertising think, that they'll have a lot of fun, too. But after four days, they're not playing with the toys anymore. If someone would forbid this advertsings, it would not easy anymore for them so sell their products, but its better for the children and for the partens, who cant buy new products all the time. They should forbid the advertisings in the channels, which are specially for children, like "Disney Channel" and "Cartoon Network". But then, nobody would see the products and buy it. And then, the channels would not make money anymore, because its the main source of money for them. And if they dont have money anymore, they need to shut down the channel. And I think, that the children would more cry if they can not watch cartoons , then for a toy. I disagree with the statement. The channels need the advertising and the children need the channels. And the channels are the reason, why young children are muted. So the parents need the channels, too. 