"Should´nt television advertising directed toward young children be allowed?
First of all we have to clearify which children is meant in the question, children in the age from two to five, so really young children, nearly babys.
we all know what our parents said to us in the older days: "don´t watch too much Tv it´ll damage your eyes" We all know that at some point watching too much tv isn´t good for anybody, it doesn`t matter which age. In the age of two, little kids learn so much like speaking, eating, walking and it`s an really importend phase in their lives. Watching tv sure is good to learn some words or to be entertainend but the little kids need someone who is actually teaching them important things for their life like their mum or dad. If their mum and dad work the whole time and just let you sit in front of the tv then you can get wrong information. For example the teletubbies, they all had a bit of an language mistake and soon some kids would talk like that because they didn`t know how to speak right. Also some information which are shown in the tv are wrong because the producer think it`s for little kids and they don`t really care about the content. Also little kids can get addicted to the tv or their favorite tv show and that isn`t good it is sure better for a children to play outside with other kids their age at the playground or just at home or just even play with their siblings. Because when a kid watches tv the whole time it isn`t outside because the tv probably is in the livingroom or some room inside the house and so they don`t really go out the whole day. Of cours watching tv for a children at  five to eight for half an hour is absolutely fine. It always depends how the parents act with their kids watching tv. Some people strictly don`t allow their kids to watch tv and then others let them watch nearly the whole day but there are some parents that say only half an hour. The problem with not allowing your kids to watch tv is, the kids will do it anyway whether it`s behind their back, at grandmas house or at a friends house.
So in my opinion it depends on the age and the time how long it`s allowed to look. As I said, if the kid`s only two it needs his mother to be there for him and talk to him when he learns the first things or takes the first steps. But if the kid is like 5 or something then it begins to make it`s own decision and is more independend then a kid with the age 2. It`s also depends what the kid is watching if it watches some entertaining or learful tv show which is especially for kids and wherer they can learn someting or have to think aswell then it`s absolutely fine. But if it watches something their parents would watch like a sitcom or a movie or a horror movie then it can get horrofied and not get the pictures out of their head. It all depends of the way how you specify this question and for example which age the kid specifily has and which sort of tv you mean.