Since the technology raised so fast nearly ever child is able to use an smartphone, computer or the television in 2017. These are types of getting the children out of their rooms from playing or learning. But children don't unterstand everytime everything in the television or the computers. The problem with this early relation between children and technology is that they get wrong or unrealistic ways of acting. An example for this unrealistic way of acting is a TV-show which shows kids that the acting toys or animals can talk or do stuff just like humans are doing. These types of TV-shows make them think in a unrealistic and even stupid way. Also these animals which can talk or living like humans live doesn't have any realiton to the reality. But why parents still allow their kids to watch this kind of unrealistic TV-shows or catoons? The answer is simple because it is one of the easiest ways of making a kid stop crying. Mostly the kids in 2017 are used to the technology and are bored by playing with some toys or reading a book if possible. Therefore let them sit in front of the television is a way of making them stop crying and also a good think for the parents because they have some time to relax. Therefore it is an advantage for both sides. But do the parents recognize that the technology isn't good for their children? This way of showing them the new world of playing around or learning by the TV-shows or cvartoons led to high damage. These kids aged between two to five years are in the era of learning so fast and getting everything with. It is important that they are learning realisitc stuff and don't just focus on the animation in the TV which leds to a damage because they aren't used to the screens so that they hurt their eyes by watching the screen too long or getting headache because of the fast moving and colorfull images. Not just in pyschologic way but also in physiologic way they could get a damage.In the ages from two to five they have to learn much more informative stuff as TV-shows or cartoons. But some of the TV-shows nowadays are about to teach the kids and let them learn new things. 

To sum it up children aged from two to five shouldn't waste their time in front of a big screen which isn't good for their eyes and their brain after a time but should go out and play around and learn things which are more realistic.