Should it be allowed to make directed advertising for young children in the age of two to five?

For the first the children could get lead to watch even more Tv if they like the advertisings, because they look colorful and funny. For example the children are looking one hour per day TV, so they're wathcing advertisings too, this could lead them to watch more TV, because it looks so funny and nice.
But advertisings can be useful too, like helping the parents to find a present for their kids if their children saw a nice toy in the advertising what they want they can wish to get this toy. So a boy who saw a nice train with trainstation in the advertising can tell his parents that he wants them for christmas. The parents will buy it for christmas and they dont have the struggle of thinking the whole day what they could give their child to christmas.
A big point against the advertising is, that children get influenced by advertisings and even more if they're young. As you see, if a advertising looks funny and colorful, the children want it and try their parents to buy it for christmas or birthday.
But on the other hand, if the parents are too afraid, that their children could get influenced could easily shut down the TV or use some streaming services like "Netflix". Maybe the children of 4 years are allowed to watch 1 hour per day TV, but the parents are afraid that their children get influenced by the advertisings, so the parents could swap to a streaming service, where their children could watch many series without any advertising.

In my own opinion, I don't think that it's nescessary to deny every advertising for children, because I think children shouldn't watch much Tv at all in the age of two to five. And if the parents are to afraid that their children could get influenced, they just have to shut down the TV, don't have to buy the toys in the advertisings or use some streaming services without advertisings. So today they're much options for parents to protect their children of the influence of advertisings.