Today many pople have a Ttelevision at home and watch many hours , also when there youngh children sit next to them.  Some of the advertisings are directed toward young children (aged two to five). Should that be allowed or not?

Sometimes adervertising is drected toward children because the person behinfd it things that it could be good for promotions because they tell their parents to for example buy a candys because they looked so delicious on the TV or they want a bike because the advertising said you need a bike to be "cool". It influences children, some people say in a good way because they learn to have an opinion on certain things or learn to tell what they want, others say it is a bad influence because the advertising tells them what to do and mabye keeps them watching TV or get an wrong opinion of what they really need in life.

Youngh children should play outside and not watch advertisings and get influenced by it, they should have they prioritys else where because it could have an effect on their character or they behavior and there its again, some say in a helping way and some in a daming way. It could help them to see how they people behave in the advertising and they could lern new words because if it is directed to them they are intrested. It also could damige the way the children used to think or behave because they think that in the advertising the people get a kind of an idol for them and sometimes they are just not real because they play everything.

Also the company who make those advertising would go out of work an it would cost many workers who have no work anymore an no many and thats not good for the state.

Advertising with foods could also be dangerous because mabye they say its a healty candy but everybodey knows it is not and their parents try everything to convince them but they can't because the children ar already so infuenced by the advertising.It could also help them in some way , for example a children smoothie advertising and they mabye want to live an healty lifestyle.

But mostly imported is that the most children in these age can't really think like that and they just watch it and what ever happens happens.

I think parents should decide wether they should watch it or not. They decide wahts best for their kids, they know them and they know if it would be goog or bad, helpfull or dangerously. It should be up to the parents , I don't think there should be a law or something.