In the time age we live in, homes without television or other technical advices are very rare. From a young age you get used to those advices and especially the children in an age between two to five get very affected. Out of this the question "Should television advertising directed toward young children not be allowed anymore?" arises.

First of all the children are mainly too young to understand the advertisings they are seeing in the way those were supposed to. They are just seeing many colours and some foreign people who are playing with a toy or eating some delicious food. However this would not affect any child in a bad way. Maybe they would stress their parents and force them to buy them this product, but that would not be a bad affection.

On the other hand the people who set those advertisings up, don not care about how smart or dumb the clips for television are, they just care about which way may bring the best possible win for their own company. They do not want to educate the children with the advertise. They do not care if the children who are watching the advertise take the things they are seeing for real, even if it is completely unreal and from a fantasy world. 

Another problem is that parents more and more tend to use the television as an entertaining program for their kids. Therefore those would see all those advertisings, which are partly not even true or real, and then they would want to have all those things. The moral values get lost sooner or later and the kids just sit in front of their TV instead of going out and play games with their friends. Furthermore they do not want to play anymore with the other kids, because they have that many toys that they are not interested in other kids anymore because the toys are more special for them.

To sum it all up I agree with the statement that television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. For me, the producer of advertisings care too less about the educational value they should have for children in the age between two to five. This affects them extremely, because they get used to dumb things and maybe also would do dumb things in their real life or think those dumb things are not dumb but smart.