To start the given statement wants television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed. There are different arguments supporting or weaken this statement.
On the one hand young children are not able to understand all the presented information or more important not able to question them. So they may start believing everything that they were told and could develop a wrong image of reality.Moreover they could easily be unhappy or angry when they realize that the product does not conform with their expectations, since they are not able to reflect on a explanation.
On the other hand young children has to make their own experiences to learn from them. In their future they will have to deal with wrong promises and unfullfilled expactations anyway, so it could be better for them to start early with questioning advertisement. Therefore television advertising could provoke such a situation and with their gained experience and the explanations of their parents they could learn and be prepared instead of being totally suprises if such an event occurs in their future.
Furthermore it is the task of the parents to inform their children about possible dangers caused by television advertising. Hence they should watch the different adds together with their children and explain them the difference between television and reality concerning promises, expactation and given information. This could influence the future in a positive way,as the children has to deal with the problem in a conforming way and they start learning on how to questions such adds. Additionally especially in a young age children regard their parents as role models. As a consequence they are willed to learn from them what would be more effective as banning every add which concerns them.
Furthermore the children watch other adds also. Therefore even if they are not addrest they may believe the promises. As you can see they are confronted with advertisement anyways, however not all of them could be forbidden. As a result of this I believe that it is better to confront them with advertisement to give them the chance to learn.
Finally advertisement could be banned to protect young children, howver this is no solution since children get confonted to advertising at some point anyways. As a consequences learning at young age with the help of their parents would be more effective concerning experience and knowledge