In the following text I´ll compare the arguments which support or are against the statement "Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed".
First of all there are plenty of reasons to support the statement. One of the most important ones is that young children who simply want to watch their favorite shows on the television have no other choice than to watch those commercials. Little children don´t have an own opinon like we adults do yet. So they would believe erverything the commercials tell them which can be very dangerous on the one hand or makes them loose their instincts for the reality on the other hand. So if they see a commercial that shows somebody sky diving or bungee jumping of a high cliff they wouldn´t know that the people who are doing this are secured and safe like we do, they could try to do the same without knowing they aren´t just because it looks fun. Moreover there are commercials like MC´Donalds that are trying to make their food look as healthy as possible on the tv. We would know it´s fast food and to stay healthy we shouldn´t eat to much of it but a young kid without any kind of experience or an own opinion about things wouldn´t know better. Cool advertising for Vodka or cigarettes makes them believe it´s something without any risks just because it´s on the tv and there´s some nice music in the commercial and a lot of impressive pictures. On the other side there are special channels for kids like the disney channel which wouldn´t show the same commercials like adult channels would do which doesn´t mean there´s no advertising. Channels like this would show a lot of commercials for toys with a lot of animation and effects so the kids ask their parents to buy them. An argument against advertising directed toward children would be that it´s impossible to stop advertising at all because that´s what pays the salary to the people who work there and finances the channel itself.

Finally I would say that it is impossible to stop the advertising but not impossible to stop it for this age. They need to show commercials anyway but they could direct the to older kids.