In our globalized and modern world media is getting more and more important. Nearly everybody is always online so a question must be asked: If our society is based on media and of cause also on television why shouldn't we confrontate our children with television advertising to show them a part of our world and their future? 
It is a fact that media is one of the most popular things we spend our time with and don't you think that children should learn about their artificial environment very eary to be able to stand their lifes in a future of media?
Of cause, it is important to show children their environment, direct them into a content future, but does media really lead to a happy childhood that is always a basic for a content future?
Media rather destroys childhood, captures young people, so that they are not able to think theirselves anymore. It is a big problem inowadays that children are that early manipulated in a direction that supports the destruction of our environment, so nature, as well as advertising that promotes and forms a whole character of a society, a time. Children suffer from high expectations of their family and friends, build up walls and hide themselves behind them. Chatting via a computer is easier than verbal conversations but that does not form strong characters who are able to express opinions because there is no chance to form an opinion.
Advertising  leads to manipulation and people who can be manipulated are wanted in a society that aims for simularities. 
Selfreflection does not happen anymore and don't you think that this danger of young people who may change the society by new ways of thinking isn't wanted? Advertising a shampoo may not sound dangerous but it advertisement expresses a whole character of time and for me personally this character of time must be changed. I want to offer  my children a childhood that forms freedom in their minds and no pictures of shampoo, dolls and cornflakes in their heads because the age of childhood even if it is not experienced in full consciousness forms a whole character and therefore the future society. 