In the 21st century technics and television are the most important things in life of the humaity  in the modern world. Everything has to be on the highest standards. Consuming is, in my opinion, a big problem in the society. They lost the viewpoint on important things in life. Another problem is manipulation and influence in television. To produce series for every kind of age, they use advertising. But how do I think about it? Agree or disagree I?
Of cause, there are many tipes of how this advertisement is put into the television-sopes. 
For example an english-talking girl in a fictional environment. A sporty young man battles against the antagonist; always funny an far away from zhe reality. Tele-Tabbies or other "freaks" dominate the every-day-life in the TV. But is this the right way to confrontate the children with? I think no. I disagree with the idea of trelevision advertising direct toward young children. Why should they? Make the TV the children more intellegend? No. Do they learn something from these soaps? No. 
Another disadvantage is, that the children could be influenced (geprägt werden) in the wrong way. Furthermore, the tension could be too complicated to understand; the producers have just the view of an adult and can not pu t themselves in a young boy or girl. Because of this, they "überspitzen" the soaps. 
And they produce soaps exactly for the two genders: a pink world with fairies and a glamorous kingdom for the girls and a blue world with dragons and superheroes for the boys. Do we live in the 50's? Do we have only male and female and every gender has a special position in life. But were're a world with gender diversity. Young children could be confused when they grow older and they explore that they're homosexual; but the television telled them: "There's only man and woman and nothing else. Sorry, but this is defenetly thw wrong way to bring up the reality to the children-stop! These series haven't got the exercise to teach the children what they expect in reality when they grow older.
A good example is "logo" from the ZDF: they create a way to tell the young children (5) the news and political structures in the world. 
Less is more and the closer it is to the reality the better.
I disagree with the way of otday. the can change sonething in m
 