In this essay I am going to discuss, whether television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should be allowed or not. I would always say, it depends on the advertisements. Normally, they direct advertisements about toys and food towards young kids, because they see it and most of the times they go to their parents and ask them to buy it. Kids with the age of two to five, still play a lot with toys and other stuff. On the one side, it can be really annoying for the parents when their kids see many of advertisements about toys and always want to have stuff. The kids do not forget about things like that, that easily so they keep on asking their parents for it until they get it. On the other side, it is an advantage for the producers of the products to direct advertisements towards young kids, because it is so easy to get their attention and to change their minds about buying something. If they are advertising for toys, they choose bright colors, short and melodical slogans and kids who play with the toys to get their interest. Kids do not forget and do not give up that easily. Well, if the advertisements are about fast food, for example McDonalds they offer meals escpecially for the kids. The Happy Meal includes a toy the most of the time wakes the kids interest. They see the toy and then the kids want to go to McDonalds to get that toy. Also, kids reallys love small portions like a small can of milk or some slices of apples and so they offer those for the kids. They advertise with slides at McDonalds, with the clown and balloons. They make it look like so much fun to go and eat at a fast food restaurant. They try to tell you that it is not unhealthy at all to go and eat there. It may helps them a lot to tell kids of such a young age that fast food is not bad for you and that they keep on going to that restaurant for a long time. I think, it would be okay to show some advertisements about toys and food so they still make profit, but not all the time. If you watch channels on TV for kids, they only show advertisements about toys and food and I just think that is way to much for the kids. If they start bying things at this young age how is it going to be when they are at an older age? They are probably not going to be able to behave themselves about saving their money and not to spend it.