Who does not know it ? Little brother,sistor or even cousin is sitting in front of the TV and watches the advertisement between his two favorite series. The eyes getting bigger and bigger with every toy they see. 
Discussions with mom and dad about buying them this and this seems everyday business. But is it okay to direct advertisemnt to these young kids? In the following i will give a statement to this topic:

First of all you can say that children aged between two and fived do not have that complex progress of will like we do as adults or young adults. They see the advertisement, like the toys that are pictured and with the next episode of Spongebob it is no longer interesting for them. Additional to that the children are not the ones who can buy these products in the normal stores because in the most cases they will only go shopping with their parents.
But actually advertisment that is driectly directed to the children can somehow influence them in their future consumer behaviour. The advertisemnt and the way the parents treat their childrens wishes could optimise or make their former consumer behaviour even worse. If a kid gets everything it wants, it will possibly buy everything it wants as an adult too and gets selfish. Additional to that there is some kind of social pressure. The parents of the children, who are directly confronted with the wishes of their children, probably can not afford the toys. The comparism kids do about toys puts a thirtend social pressure on the parents and could also be an indicator of wealth in society. The advertisement made for children is also kind of dangerous because children can be teached wrong moral rules or they can not estimate the symbolism or clishees the advertisement often uses.

So all in one I would say there should be an optimzed advertisement for children or the quote of advertisement for children should be controlled by the government so that there is no more sociual pressure and no room for wrong interpretations.
