Nowadays there are many people buying products they have seen in TV before. This may show how the advertising influences the consumer.

Everytime we watch television there are advertisements between films. They show new and revolutionary products everybody should buy to make one´s life better. But they are often from brands that are very expensive so the people who see the new things on television screen think that the product is new and different but there is not always a difference to the products they developed before.
It is also difficult for brands to get the consumer´s interest without advertising because the people who go to a shopping center are often stressed or they only buy the products they had on their list. But when they see new products in the advertisements, they are interested and they want to experience the feeling of having this new product. This leads to higher numbers of selling so the firms do spend much money on their advertising but they get more people´s interest.
In addition, it is much easier for parents to buy presents for Christmas or the child´s birthday if the children have said before what they wish for. The parents, who do often have much work to do, do not want to spend that much time in looking for presents to make their children happy, so they are happy about the exact wishes. 

On the opposite, there are many children watching television who do also get to know the new articles. The products are often specialised for channels which are for children because they like everything that is colourful or that seems interesting. Children and also parents want their children to have the newest toys so that they may invite their friends to show them off. 
When the parents go shopping together with their children, the parents become stressed because their children want to have for example the new speaking doll or the moving horse their playmates have got or they have seen on TV.  When the children ask their parents for these things they often buy these things because they want their child to become silent or they only want to be good parents. 
These shopping problems can not be solved by stopping firms making advertisements on television because products can also be published on the internet that is nowadays much used by many children.

In my opinion, the parents have to decide what is good for their children. The firms should be allowed to publish their products in television to get a high selling number. The parents should be able to make their children clear what is good for them and what is not. 
