The statement "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two or five) should not be allowed" says that television are directing advertisement towards children, what in my opinion is not okay. 
When a child who watches TV always sees those advertisements where children their age are playing with for example dolls and that child whose watching this ad sees these smiling and happy children, they naturally become jealous. If this child is living in a household that has not enough money to buy expensive toys, it might feels like as if it is not as cool as the other children who seems so lucky to have those toys. 
In return the family feels sorry because they just can not afford certain things and this leads to difficulties within the family. 
Children also see the world with other eyes and they get influenced really quick. So if the advertisements are always presenting the newest and coolest toys they are not able to catogerise and analyse these ads the way we would. 
I also think that little children should not be confronted by advertisements because there are too many information, too many impressions to handle.
Furthermore some children might get the impression that evrything they ever see in the TV is perfect, symbolises the perfect life and they live under the pressure to live the life that gives the impression to be perfect. And what happens when we live under a pressure with so high standards that we have the feeling to have to achieve? We fall into depression, we get the feeling that we are not able to handle ourselfs anymore and we will never learn how it is to love ourselfs the way we are. 
Sure, it might is leading to more profit for the firms but only because of the families who are able to afford all these expensive things for there children. What is happening to the ones who are not capable of affording these things? When they are older, they are getting bullied because of that. 
Children are stupid sometimes. It is already enough if one child does not wear expensive clothes and they are getting picked up on it.
I say no to advertisements directed towards young children. And even us teenagers. Because those impressions we are getting through the ads are leading to jealousy and pressure to be like the ones in the ads. To live a life that does not excist. Or at least not for everybody.