A lot of parents all over the world are worried about the influences with which their children are confronted in advertising on television and the radio. 
Every where you go, you will be faced with advertising and so you cannot make it unseen for you children. Futhermore it is important that the children learn to handel with advertising and maybe they get some information through it like the advertising for a history book or the next history film in cinema. In addition to that children have also to learn, that they cannot get everthing what they have seen on television and for example in the supermarket. How often a child runs to his mom and show here a chocolate or chips and ssy to here, that it has seen it on the advertising and it should smell so good and it want to try it. In addition to that a lot of parents by these things for theire children and that is the problem. with this bourggt they help the firms which make these advertising for their products to do more.
On the other side you can understand the parents when they say advertising which is not directed towards children of the age from two to five years is not good or unbelievable, but the advertising which is for these young people should be okay, because we are everywhere confronted with advertising our whole life long. AQdvertising which is not directed to this young people is not okay, while they should become a bad influence or do bad things, but it must be not 
so in all ways of advertising. A bad advertising could also show a childre, that it will not do it anytime because it is so bad or has got such worse consequences for the person who do it or for all the other people which were involved.
In fact I do not agree with the fear of the parents because I think it is more a help for the children, when they are confronted with the good and bad sights of advertising in young age.No one could help them later to decide if they need this or have to seen this (film) or not, if they do not learn it from youth on. 
