Should television advertising directed toward yound children not be allowed?
Many people argue about this question ,if young children should be directed by television advertising,and this is a very important theme ,because children in the age from two to five years are in the state where they get to learn and start getting used to a specifichome.
In my opinion televison advertising diricted toward yound children should not be allowed because in general children in this age should not spend that much time in front of the television.
First , the advertising which probably will be about toys and games which are avaible in toystores , and this could be an effect why children begin to crave on having these things and wanting all the toys. Also I think that these television advertising which is directed toward the kids has the effect that children start liking to watch more the television because there are things shown in which they are interestred and in my point of view kids should not watch a lot oft time / often TV in this age.
In the other point of view I think that the television advertising is somehting very important for the companies to win costumers and the attention of the people.
If the television advertising is direceted to childrens in the age of two to five , the companies will get exactly the result which is that the kids see the products  they are probably interested in and want to get and buy them.
But in my opinion children in this ages should not be influensed by the companies and the television advertising. 
The main reason for  me why this the advertising should  not be direceted toward children is , that children in this ages should not get to many ideas of something to buy and something to get , even if this is the goal of every companie but this does not have a positive effect on the childrens behaviour and also not on their interests because normally children should not me watching TV the whole day , instead of this they should be playing outside. 
Espacially in this ages children get really really quickly influensed by something and they are in the part where they start to lern.

To sum this up , television advertising directed toward children should not be allowed.
