I disagree with the statement that television advertising directed towards young children should not be allowed. 
I am aware that at a young age, children are very sensitive to input from their surroundings of any kind, which includes their family, friends, media they consume and so on. In this time period a lot of the base for the life they will live is being set and traumatic experiences can damage someone into having a troubled personality or fears their whole adulthood. 
By being exposed to advertising at a young age, the children are getting used to the fast, constantly changing, consume-focused lifestyle of our world, which is a negative thing, but I don't think that this can be completely stopped by banning television advertising. 
It's just not realistic because firstly, the children could still see ads that are directed to older children or adults and they will grow into it eventually anyway. I also think, that many of these ads are not only directed towards the children but to their parents too and it is primarily them who push their children into this consume-focused lifestyle by constantly buying them new toys. If people start to see the problem in this way of thinking and living, I think they will realize that it can not be changed by simply not allowing advertising towards children. 
In my opinion, the real change needs to happen with the parents because they are the ones who have the biggest influence on their children. If the parents do no want their children to see TV ads, they can simply stop them from watching TV. In our days, there are other ways to watch shows or movies, for example on streaming services like Netflix, where no ads are shown. This way the content they consume can also be controlled, stopping them from watching unintelligent and unfunny TV shows.  
Before this can happen, people in general need to change their way of thinking and start to fill their lives more with memories and knowledge rather than things they don't need. 
To comparise my answer, I think that television advertising towards children should be allowed, because the change needs to happen within the families and the way the children are brought up and not in the way of what is on TV. In my opinion, children shouldn't watch as much TV anyway and putting a lot of effort into banning these ads is a waste of time and energy because it simply will not help as much as people may think.