Is it reasonable to advertise things directly towards young children that are easily influenced? This topic has been discussed for a long time and today I am going to disscuss it here.

First of all you have to think about the childrens well being and health. If a child is tricked to believe that certain stuff such as candy is really great and healthy because the TV says so, it is going to influence the childs eating decissions for all of their life and that would not be so great.This is the big argument regarding this topic bechause colorful and sweet drinks or foods are often made for children and also advertised towards them.

On the other hand you could argue that it is the parents responibility to look after their children and they should prevent wrong decisions. They should clarify things for their childrens mind and influence them into making right decisions. It is not the firms responibility to look after every child and if they sell a product for children they shuold be allowed to market them towards them. 

Furthermore you should think about morals. Morally it is not right to take advantage of children that age, or any age. They are not grown up yet and they do not have the ability to act like an andult. If they can't act like an adult, you shouldn't be allowed to market things towards them just like towards adults.

Advertising could also be seen as a promotianal entertaiment and entertaiment may not be forbidden for anyone. In that case you would also have to fotbid certain movies and shows that include product placement and that are directed  towards children.

In addition marketing toward children could also influence their mindsets towards the world in the future and could move or destroy the self image. If a young girl only sees advertising with "perfect" young woman telling her she should buy this or do this it is going to mess withher mind forever.

Finally, I personally think that advertising towards children should only be allowed if the ad is approved by some kind of group that looks  after the childrens wealth I think that it is morally wrong to take advantage of children but I can also see the point that parents should look after their and teach their children well enough so that they are not influenced by wrong information. 

