Television advertising direced toward young children(aged two to five) should not be allowed.

On one side I agree with the statement because I think the children are still very young and have to play in the garden or at the playground. They are at the age of two to five and I think this isn`t a age where they have to make Television advertising.The children are too young to make a decision and so they parents ahve to make the descion for them. But maybe the children don`t want to do this they can`t say that because they are too young.If the children are always in the Televison advertsing they can`t find friends and can`t play with children in there age. maybe they will become popular and thats to early for this age because then they will never have a normal life because they always in the television. Also i think that children in this age don`t have to work. Because maybe when they were older they are angry with their parents why they have allowed the television advertising.

On the other side I disagree with the statement because its the desicion of the parents and if they said my child can do this its okay. but i think the televison directors have to talk with the parents and have to say them what thze problems are. Also the children can only make 2 hours televison advertising because they must have enough time to spend a normal life and to go in the kindergarden or something like that.
The argument that it is bad when the children become popular isn´t good. For example the daughter of Kim Kardishian is popular too.And she`s always in the newspapers,magazines and in the televison. But the reason why she`s there is because her parents are famous. She will always have a life where everyone know who she is. She can´t do something against this.

I think the best decision would be that televison advertising should not be allowed in this young age because the children can say something against this. they should make their own desicion when they are older and then if they want they can also make something in the television advertising. They can live as normal children and can play with children in their age and can make things want children make in this age.