The present statement represents a difficult and discussed topic as there are various opinions concerning the use of electronic devices by children. It does not only affect television advertising but also TV in general, the use of mobiles and computers. Many companies misuse their influence regarding the minds of young children, trying to appeal directly to the young audience. The following essay deals with this problem and tries to give answers, whether directing towards young children between two and five years in TV-advertisement should be allowed or not.

In my opinion it is undoubtelly to say that influencing children in TV advertisement is much easier than convincing adults. Children are expecting the TV to tell the truth. Therefore advertising could have bad influences on the childrens minds. Consequently it should be forbidden to abuse the weakness of those young children by trying to make them willing to get a product. 

On the other hand it is up to the childrens parents to forbid their sons and daughters watching television advertising. They are responsible for them and should not let them watch advertising. Hence, it is a matter of education whether the children are able to be manipulated or not. The parents have to protect their children in every situation, and not every bad influences can be forbidden.

The next argument defending the prohibition of this topic is that the advertising companies have got a duty concerning moral. It is not fair trying to appeal to kids as it is proved that they can be manipulated easily. In order to not let this become reality, a forbid of advertising towards young children should be compulsary.

To sum up it is undoubtelly to say that moral aspects underline the arguments against permitting it. On the other hand the parents are responsible for their children in nearly every situation of life. I personally think that this kind of advertising is unfortunately never going to be forbidden. However companies should not abuse their force of manipulating young children.