It´s an important theme nowadays and so i would like to talk about the statement "television advertising directed toward young children should be not allowed". 
I agree with the statement because television isn´t good for children with these ages. My brothers are 8 and 13 and today i see this problems. There are also arguments for this statement but the most children can´t live without the television. They watch television very very often and the advertising directed toward them isn´t good.
They pass their time inside the house in front of the TV very often and don´t want to do important things like doing homework or playing outside with friends. 
And they begin with 2 years to play with the smartphones of the parents, play videogames with the brothers or sisters, or they look TV and for example my brother cant live without it now and his marks in school aren´t good.
After that in television aren´t true storys. In television are cartoons with fantasy characters and for those young children i think it´s hard to understand what´s real or unreal.
The parents should stop to place the children infront of the TV. With watching TV in this age the children strike their plans for future.
Maybe the series with logical thinking or explaining is good for learning. For example "Dora" is an english speaking fantasy girl and she teaches english to the children. But many series arent good because the characters are figting in a war and so many series are drastic and the children could think that war or fighting is good and many children nowadays are playing with swars or plastic knifes and want to "kill" their friends while playing outside  and so television has also bad results.
And a last point is that only before 12 AM exist series for children from 2 to 5 and this isn´t a possible time to watch TV because they are in kindergarden or primary school.
So they have to watch the brutal series in the afternoon and i already told that this series aren´t good and should not be allowed.
Summarized i think some series should be forbidden for this young-aged children and the parents have the exercise to look for what they children do with the TV or for example in the internet too. 
If that do not happen the children are starting to watch TV with 1 year and this would not have a good end. 
