The main objective of advertisments is to influence the viewer, to buy certain products. Advertisements are always directed at certain Groups of people. In the breaks of an action Movie for example, the ads are directed at mature audiences. On Kids channels the Ads are directed at Kids. The Problem with that however is that young kids are easier to influence than teenagers or adults. Advertisements for Toys for example speak to children really well, because they are very important to them. They spend every Day playing with Toys. They bind with them linking certain emotions to them. When they see ads of new Toys, it is only natural that they want them, because the ads are desinged to influence them. Often times however, the ads display a false image of the product.
A Hotwheel car jumping through a flaming ring of fire, after comming out of an awesome Looping, for example, is something so unbeliveable for a young boy that they want to see it, recreate it. Just like a giant Dollhouse with lifelike animated Barbiedolls talking to each other is for a young girl. But these images are not real and create a false image in the head of children. Tricking them into wanting the toys even more. 
There are laws against false advertisement for products targeting other age groups to prevent excactly that. To stop getting people tricked by these ads,
it doesnt make any sense why something like this does not exist for children, who are way easier to influence. Another problem with tv ads is that children watch more tv than adults. Their parents just let them watch Tv for a few hours, so that they can enjoy some silence. They often times dont even realise that their own kids get influenced right at Home on their own couch. 
Another point that maybe should get taken into consideration is that these Televison Advertisements might force a certain role model onto the children. 
If a young boy only sees boys play with Cars he also wants to play with them and if he only sees girls play with Babydolls, for example, he doesnt really care about them. But I think that children should choose their Toys free from any influences. If Tv ads for children really get banned the toy manufacturers loose their main advertisement platform. It will be hard for them to find a new way in wich to reach.

All in all I would say that advertising directed a t young children should be banned. It creates a false image and influences them to much.