As more and more content is brought to our television, also the audience has changed compared to the last century. 
Children frequently watch TV already in a young age. This circumstance is used by private channels to  address their advertisement not only to adults but especially to toddlers.
The question therefore not only is why the channels do so, but also if they should be allowed to.
With the ads tlevision gains a lot of money, so the more advertisement, the better. Ads for children usually contain  toys or the latest series or films to watch. When the children see those ads they make their parents buy them these toys and are willing to watch even more TV. Like this the enterprises and the channels gain a lot of money.
But what about the children? Why should advertisement be bad for them?
They are influenced already at age two to five to buy anything they see and have no real relation to the product they want to have as they don't think about it like they would do in a shop.
In addition to that they will watch even more TV,which is according to several studies bad for the child's mental development as it does not have a sense for fantasy or thinking itself. 
In my opinion advertisement towards children should not be allowed as they are being influenced by it and don't learn about a toy's value. In the ads there are many adjectives like "fantastic", "awesome" or "brand-new" that tell the child that the product was almost perfect, so that the child does not choose it's toys by it's own preferences but by the way it was promoted.
Another big issue is the way that toys are promoted. Today almost every brand has toys for boys and girls. Thereby the boy's products are blue or black and the girl's pink and white. In the ads there are also always only girls playing together or boys, but there seem to be no more toys for bothb to play with. Like that the children are already confronted with gender stereotypes that are neither right nor have a place in our modern society. 
 As a conclusion I can say that ads for children only have bad influences on them and should not be allowed, as they transport the wrong ideals and stop the children of thinking themselves.