Oftentimes you can observe advertisements on TV or in magazines catering to children of a rather young age range. These advertisements try to indoctrinize children into believing they need these products, such as expensive Barbie dolls, branded clothing, and so on. Consumerism is the consequence of this madness.
Children are generally easily influenced by the actions or statements of others and therefore tend to be overly impressed in comparison to adults and teenagers. So, when they see the new Barbie doll advertisement with its sparkling and bright colors, for instance, it can trigger outright obsessions with the advertised product. Of course, children are incapable of buying these items themselves, but they do have the ability to coax their parents, who only wish for the best for their children and want to see them happy, into spending money on things they maybe cannot afford, or which they simply do not need.
Such commercialization of young children is immoral, since they lack the rational judgment of an adult or teenage person. You could almost call this entire structure "exploitation" because the companies are taking advantage of the young, innocent, and unexperienced minds of children in order to make money.
Additionally, it is needless to say that the means of advertising used by the corporations themselves are more often than not flawed. Marketing practically lives off of overstatements, false depictions or portrayals, etc., so it can shed a good light on the product to sell it, regardless of the deception that is taking place because of that. It can be damaging for children being exposed to these illusions made by the companies, e.g. unrealistic beauty standards in the aforementioned commercials for dolls and many more, as children are tempted to try to imitate the behavior shown in these advertisements, just as it is with everything else they see.
Therefore it can be concluded that advertisements should not explicitly target very young age groups ranging from two to five years, since this can cause mental harm such as too high expectancies of oneself and monetary damage to the children or the parents of a child.