When you watch television one thing you notice more and more is television advertising directed toward young children. There are advertisments for Barbie or other puppets as well as advertisments for computer games. 
Now I wondered if this is a bad thing and if this should be allowed or not. 

On one hand this is advertisments are great because they give children ideas for what they want to have for their next birthday or christmas. It's also much easier for parents or other relatives to get the presents for the children if they can give them detailed information, that they got from an advertisment.
It's also a great thing for the advertisment industry because they can spread the news about their new toys faster than they could before whn there were only posters. 
And if parents really don't want their children to see those advertisments in television they can still forbid their young children to watch television completety.  


But on the other hand the children might watch television when they're at their friends' home without their parents knowing and then they still see those advertisments. The only way to prevent that to happen would be, that the parents forbid their children to go and meet their friends but parents can't do that because that would not be good for the child either. 
And children seeing those advertisments can be really dangerous, because young children are easy to confince that they really need something and that might be a real problem for families that don't have enough money to afford all those new toys and computer games. The children might become really upset when they don't get or have what they see in television all the time and some will envy those, who get all the new toys from the advertisments. Others, who can't aford them, might be bullied in kindergarten or when they play with other children. 
It could also happen that a child, that doesn't own for example the newest Barbie, can't play with its friends anymore because all the other kids have these super new, technical Barbies that can speak and dance. 
This child will feel really isolated and depressed.

All in all I think that those advertisments schould not be allowed, and I also think that children of the age of two to five shouldn't even be allowed to watch television at all or only sometimes. I personally don't like the idea that they are already influenced by advertisments. 