The question if television advertising towards young children should be allowed or not is not easy to be answered since the opinion of society towards this topic is divided. On the one hand, it could really help children with developing their character. It is often said that children should be able to develope own wishes, thoughts, preferences and hobbys without being told by their parents what to do and what to like or not. This developement of character structures should start at young age and since enfants can't just go outside and explore everything that is possible, television advertisements can be a perfect way to show them their opportunities. But even if it's said that television is the place where everything is possible and everything can be shown, it can' show the real world. Television advertisement often is unreal, shows things more perfect than they are, doesn't matter if we're talking about toys, food or outdoor activitys. The technical industry uses many programs and tricks to make things look different from what they really are. From time to time, the modern advertising became more unrealistic and the problem is that young children often are not able to understand the difference between advertising and reality. That's why the modern things which are advertised are also a problem. Violent games and toys, beautyproducts which are giving an unrealistic picture of beauty and many other things are taking over the toy market and show children an unrealistic picture of the world and living in it. Sure children can be inspired with wishes and preferences by advertisements, but these days it's usual that television advertisements are also telling children what to like, not to show them what is possible. I think that television advertisement in general is not bad for children, as long as it's really made for them. But when I'm watching TV and an advertisement includes violence, an unrealistic representation of beauty or other things children should not be confrontated with, I'd prefer my children to do other things to get inspired.