In Germany there are two different main tv channels for children: "KIKA" and "SuperRTL". On these channels children can watch typical series like for example "Barbie" or "Das Sandmännchen". But there is also a big differnece between this both channels: on "SuperRTL" you have tv advertising and on "KIKA" you haven`t.
And now there is the question for parents, but also for the politics, should this advertising especially for young children aged two to five should be allowed or even not ande then, is "KIKA" a better channel for children then "SuperRTL"?
On the one hand there are the big tv companies which are wanting to get the most money as even possible and on the other hand there are parents who are thinking that this advertising could be very dangerous for their children.
In my childhood my parents only allowed "KIKA" in the short time my sister and I were allowed to watch tv. When we get older, maybe since the age of eight or nine, we also could watch "SuperRTL". In my opinion this was a very good solution for the problem with those two children channels. I think for young children it isn`t a good idea to let them watch tv advertising, because in the age of maybe four ore five you can`t difrenciate between advertising and the "reality". And parents maybe could have the problem of children which want all toys which were shown on tv. Buit this problem you could also have with older ones...
And when the childre get older, in my opinion, they can start to watch "SuperRTL" as well but only with the support of their parents. It is very important, that the parents explain the meaning and the sense of advertising. Then it is possible that children can grow in an responsible way concerning tv and tv advertising.
But it is also very important, that the time children are allowed to watch tv is reduced to the smallest as possible. In my opinion, children should play outside in the garden or in the nature with friends and should not watch tv the whole day or play games on a smartphone. I think, it is very important, the the society keeps an eye on the education of children and takes care that tv, laptop and smartphones get an even smaller role in allday live than they actually have. And for that, you haven`t got the problem with advertising in tv.