"Televison advertising directed toward young children (age two to five) should be not allowed." This sentense is an very important point in our life, because more and more younger children are allowed to directed for an advertising. 

I tink that the childern are too young and the parents want that and not the child. Most of the parents want that their child gets a better life with no money problems or something like that, thats why so many parents sell their children so the children stands in front of the camera. The children can not dicide on their own want the want to do. I think many children don't want to be in front of the camera and play for an advertising. Everyone who watche TV see te children, and everyone has an own opinion on that and when the children gets older everyone know who their are and maybe the don't what that. Some Children can get bullied in school and then the children has no better life. 

But on the other hand it's good when the children want to do that, because the have fun with that. To play for an advertising in TV is an great experience for them and almost the girls like it, because they maybe get dresses like a Princess and i think every lilttle girl likes a dress lika a princess. When the parents are allowed it that their child can be a perosn in a advertising and everybody see it in Germany it is okay. BUt i think some parents dont want that, because everyone sees your child on screen and everybody has an opinion to that, it can be good but it can be also worse for the child and the parents. 

But all in all i agree with the statemant: " Television advertising toward young children (aged two to five) should be not allowed, because of the futre from the child. It can be so worse and i think every celebritie person know how to feel wehn everybody has an own opinion on that want you do, worse and good. Lika i said the children can not dicide on their own what to do and maybe the dont want to be a happy child in front of the camera. I think it ois one of the important thing in life that you are free to dicide on yourself what do you want to do and wan don't. Clearly no child aged two yeras can not dicide on their own, because they dont know whats right is and wats wrong, because they lived on two years. So the parents should be dicide wrong and thats why i think it shoukd be not allowed and its forbit. Ten year old children can be in front of a camera for an advertising on TV. 