An often discussed issue in our society is if the television advertising toward young children, from the age of two to five years, should be allowed or not. 

One reason against this is that young children could get manipulated of this advertising and just do not understand what the producer is saying to them. The children are just watching television and the there comes advertising from a "fantastic" toy in which often children are used because the producers just show them that every child wants that but do not say the toy will get broken just right after you let it fall for only one time. So they are lying to the children too. 
Another point why it should not be allowed to make advertising directly toward young children is that when parents say this "fantastic" toy is not very fantastic at all it could give some discussions between parents and their children just because the advertising lied to them and they did not understand it. This is never a good thing because families should be happy together and no one should want to destroy their happiness just to sell a plastic figure. 
The last point against is that the producers uses young children to reach other young children which can be very bad for these children because they get "selled" for making advertising and have to work in a very young age just to make their parents rich and happy and the producers too.
The only point why it should be allowed to make television advertising directly for young children is that this won't be sexual or aggressive. Sometimes they watch a movie for children and after that there is advertising for sex toys or hungry children in Africa which is not the right one for children in the age of two to five years. So this advertising for toys,etc. is exspecially made for children which has to mean that in this aren't pictures or something else that children should not see.

All in all I think that advertising for young children is not a very good thing because I can't understand why someone is just lying to sweet children for getting money from their parents or uses children in the same age for this and make them so working for MY money. Children should be just children and not manipulated by advertising, I think. They should go outside and talk to their friends or playing games with them without using electronical toys or something like that instead of sitting inside and playing with plastic alone. 