In the following essay I am going to comment on the statement that "Television advertising directed toward young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed."

To begin with you have to understand that advertising is always a way of manipulating someone to buy, watch or do something. This is very dangerous especially for young children, because it is changing their opinion and therefore their behaviour towards special things. It is also dangerous because they have not learnt at that age to reflect advertising and basically everything you are seeing in a critical way. At the same time you have to admit that some adults who are not highly educated also have not learnt to reflect on everything they see. Therefore advertising for these adults should also be prohibited. But as soon as you start reflecting you are going to recognise that nearly every product is not as good as it was shown in the advertising. Terefore advertising would not work anymore. 
If parents allow their children to sit in front of the TV, these children are not only influenced by the advertising but also by the Television program. For example my family has not had a TV until I was fifteen and a half years old. I grew up without watching TV and I do not think that this did any harm to me. Everything that is shown on TV is having an impact on the children watching. So they are not only manipulated by advertising but also by the normal TV shows or series they are watching. In my opinion it the danger of advertising directed to young children depends on the fact if they are watching TV alone or if they are watching together with their parents. If their parents are at their side I do not personally think that advertising should be prohibited. Their parents could explain everything to them and could make them understand the advertising. To my mind it is much more dangerous if these children watch TV on their own. Personally I think that this should not be allowed. Children between two to five should not watch TV a lot and they should definitely not sit alone in front of the TV.

Finally you can say that Television advertising is obviously negative and should not be allowed but at the same time it is much more important that young children should not be allowed to watch TV alone.