There are TV channels which are in particular for children and surely they also have advertising. In the following I will discuss, if television advertising directed toward young children should be forbidden.
First of all one can say that there are already some channels which have no advertising anymore, for example the KIKA channel in Germany. 
Now I will come to my first pro argument which is that the firms want to make money though. They have to show their toys or stuff like that to the children, otherwise maybe nobody will buy it, beacuse parents do not watch children TV shows. 
Secondly advertising causes no real harm, the children wont get a psychological disease, if they see advertising once in a while.
In opposition to that I want to mention some arguments against the advertising. 
Firstly advertising is boring, especially for children, which is not alawys bad, because maybe consequently they switch the TV off and go playing outside.
Furthermore advertising influences the children in a certain direction, much more than adults or adolescents. The reason for that is that children have no idea that advertising is made up by firms with actors, so that it is a "lie". They only see happy children playing with a new toy and out of this reason they want to have it, too. Most times theses things are unnessesary and quite expensive, so the parents do not want to buy it. This will make both parties sad, the children as well as the parents. 
If it is the case that the child gets what it wants, it wont have fun with it forever,the child will see a new advertising and desires a new item. This could becomne a kind of circle.
To conclude I would say that even though advertisings for young children cause no real harm, it should be not allowed, because it bores the children and it causes an unhappy family situation. Beyond this I would admit that in my opinion watching TV is not good for children at all, however playing with friends oder outside is a better alternative. Sometimes an ad might be appropriate, but there cannot be so much of it or even hidden advertising in shows, which children are not able to discover.