Its a difficult topic,because people see it differently.
On the one hand, it should be not allowed,because television make the little young children stupid. But on the other hand in the age from two to five, children dont realise what they become told by the people in the television. For the children it is only ,,Unterhaltungsprogramm''. They see a lot of differently pictures on the TV and a lot of different colours. 
Another point is that television is not good for the eyes of the little kids. Television can make the Sehstärke badlier so that they need classes in a young age. Against the Argument is that Television sometimes had the influence of quieting, so the little childrens are faster müde or that they are still and relaxed. Some Parents let their children watch Televison, because they are noises by their kids and when they need silence, they let them watsch on the tv.
Furthermore, sometimes give it serien in which they children can learn something, like :,,1,2,3 wenn du richtig stehst,siehst du wie das licht angeht.'' Out of this serien children dont will become silly or stupid. They learn something what they could need in their later life, in their future, in the school or someone else. So many serien are interessted by children, who they can learn something. But sometimes, children needs serien which are silly and stupid but funny or something.
In my opinion is it okay, that people watsch in the age from two to five television,because sometimes everyone needs silence.It musst not be every day long of hours, but sometimes is it okay.Specially by children,who have older siblings, its hard to allowed them little one not to watch Television, for exsample my neighbour Lukas is seven years old and his sister Maira is three years old and when he watsch television, she will too. But when she didnt watched television because her Parents not allowed, than is the drama big, because her older brother can watch television.
But in the End Parents musst decide that on themselves, than all parents are different and all of them sees the topic differently.