Television is in our times normal. But what is with the television advertising directed toward young children ? 
I think that television has its good and bad sides, but for younger children television is often a problem. Some childrens in that age are only watching television because they are used to it and their parents are not really interseted in doing something with them. But the TV decides about how the child becomes and different shows and films make the children react differently. Children often are shocked by some shows or films even if it is for their age, they can not understand everything about it and have in the night bad dreams about what they saw. The parents can not understand what is up to their child and a 2 year old child could not explain what the problem is. Some shows might be good to learn something like counting or the alphabet but some shows show a wrong world to the child. They show something in which a little princess gets everything she wants or that monsters exist. A children often could not make a difference between the reality and a fantasyworld. Often the kids are afraid of what they saw or they want to do the same as the people on their TV show. But how to explain a child that what they saw was not real and that they should not believe in something like that. Sometimes it is impossible for the parents. Also you could often not control what your child watches on TV because you take a nap or do cleaning or so on. A child should go out an play with its toys or paint or meet their friends like I did when I was at their age. They should use their own fantasy and should not only life the fantasy a producer of a film created. Parents should look what they watch on TV and decide if it is good for their kid or not. Parents should tell the children when they could watch something and when they should do something else. They must show by themselves what is write and what is wrong and do not let the shows and films do things like that for them. What the parents decide, decides about the future of the childrens. They should do that because they decide about the future of the children and what he or she will be like.
So when you want that your child has a good childhood then control what your kid watches and decide if it is good for them or not. And also let your child play most of the time and do not let them watch all the time television. It is in your hands as their parents what your child will be like when it is older.