Young children are not able to handle their own money, much less to make smart decisions. So why should commercials directed specifically to them be allowed? It doesn´t even seem logical. 

Advertising teams know what they are doing. They make research and tests on different age groups in order to find their weaknesses and strengths, in order to get to know how to get exactly into their minds so they can sell their products. Does this not sound at least somewhat dangerous? It is known by the people that work with children and advertisements, that these are very influential to the vulnerable minds of children. They are greatly moved by a number of things that we might call simple, and these could potentially create mentally disrupted adults later on in life. Since the main point of advertisements is usually to sell something, companies and their advertisers will stop at nothing to convince a small child to believe that they need their product. This could potentially lead to harmful images, texts and ideas being put on screen and therefore directly into the minds of the children. 
This is something that can not be easily controlled (if it could even be), and could influence in a negative way a child, or even a whole generation within a country, or perhaps, with a sufficiently big company, internationally.

Do we really believe that it is the best choice to put our children, and the future of our world, in the hands of people who only have their own interest and benefit in mind? Is it really worth it?

In conclusion, I believe that televised advertising directed towards young children (aged two to five) should not be allowed under any circumstances, due to the potential risks that this could bring, in contrast to the little good that it could make. Parents, not advertising, should be the ones to have the major influence over their children, not advertising teams from companies that only want money, and will not regard the ethical lines that exist when it comes to selling something to children.