Some parents use the television as a grandmother or somebody who looks after the children, when they want to have some free time. Other parents do not allow their children watching TV because of bad influences and so on. Especially in Christmas time you can see more and more Television Advertising directed torward young children. But should that be allowed?
Television advertising might be a good way to show new great toys to children.
But the TV or actually all modern media influence the childrens life more and more. Even children in primary school or kindergarden have an own mobile phone or a TV in their room. Some of those children begin to live in a very different world, wanting to be like the famous singer or actor. Children between two and five are easier to convince, so they are somehow a present for the advertising industry. After watching those television advertising they start to ask their parents "Could I get ..." and most of all mothers are not able to say no. Children start to be not that creative are influenced, start to compare themselves to the children in the add or to children who have this new great toy. 
In my opinion there is no way to forbid television advertising toward young children. Industry will find another way instead of television advertising. Somehow it starts in the supermarkets with all these colourful sweets and famous Disney princesses on the food. We are not able to close our eyes and the young children's eyes as well. I think there are also enough channels exspecially made for young children without television advertising. In this young age parents watching TV together with their children is a good opportunity to controll what they are looking. When the children get older parents are not able to protect them from all these influences. The most important thing is a good and healthy way to deal with the television advertising. Children have to learn even when they are between two and five that the add industry wants you to buy everything. And parents have to show their children that it is not possible to get everything but to be happy as well.