There are many advertising in the TV today and pretty many of these advertisments are for little kids. Today the young kids from 2 to 5 are often allowed to look TV on kids channels where they look Spongbob or other films. So the TV channel show more advertisments wich get more attention from young kids who are intersted in these Produkts that are presented. The kids now want the produkt that is presentd but they do not know how expensive it is because the parents would buy it for them so they do not mind. The kids start to ask their parents if they can buy the shown produkt and do that the whole time and maybe they would cry for it so the parents are like under pressure to buy that produkt because their kid do not stop asking them to buy it. So the advertisments can put the Parents that much under pressure that the produkt will be bought and it does not matters what quality the produkt have or how expensive it is. 
If the parents are not able to buy the produkt because the price is to high the kids would maybe do not like their parents that much or get very mad because they have nothing to play with.
On the other side watching tV for kids could be a good thing too. They can talk about the films they watched with other kids and learn speaking. Also the kids learn maybe new vocabularies or humor from the films they watched. 
Another point is that the kids get entertaind by the TV or the Advertisments wich is pretty important these days because often the parents do not have that much time for the kid and it is alone at home. 
It is good too that the channels for kids just show advertisments for them so they do not watch advertisments wich show horror scens so the kid will not be scared.

So i think that Tv is acceptabel for kids becuae they can learn thinks from watching and get entertaiend. The only prblem is tht the parents get under prssure by their kids but i think the parents have to be strong there and do not feel with the kid and buy the produkt everytime the kid asks them. 