
 Bad influence through only watching TV by young children



It is good or bad if our kidz watch TV when they are two until five? What do you think about this issue?


There are some advantages, but more disadvantages aren´t there?


On the one hand there are some positive aspects about watching TV at a young age. Which?

One argument is that children are able to learn something if they sit next to their parents during a news show. Remember that children can hear a lot although you not always notice that. For example, kidz hear some new words,other voices or they watch interesting and important pictures. 

Another good aspect is the variety. This means that children have different activities in their freetime. They don´t only play with "old stuff", dolls. "Stattdessen" they watch a nice and informative TV show about dolls and learn from it. Nearly everybody should know famous Disney movies like german shows called "Barbie". 

Watching TV at a young age is very good, because everyone should go with the media and digital world. If Children often watch TV, they will maybe lear how the technology works. There are kidz, like a realtive young child, who are able to play with a Tablet and he knows how you come from the offline modus to YouTube and starting movies. 

But on the other hand the negative argumnets and facts are more than the positive ones.

If young children watch a lot of television, leeds this often to become "dumb" or lazy or beeing a passive person. Why? Children will sit in front of the TV and only watch on the display, without talking to other people or doing something by themself. Furthermore children can become more and more passive in they later life if they watch too much TV. 

You should also think about the fact, that it is very important, that young children communicate a lot! They have to learn to speak and talk and laugh. Some "Wissenschaftler" write and talk a lot of this fact, that it is important that children at a young age should improve and "ausbilden" they feelings and emotions. Otherwise that won´t be there when they are older. These can get problems about expressing themselfs. 

Why should young children aged two to five watch TV if there are a lot of more interesting activities are? Playing with friends or making a trip with their families is better and more interesting. 

Young children should learn and become advertised from they parents at first, mostly and mainly.

All in all you can say, that television advertising directed toward young children aged two to five should not be allowed because of these and more other good reasons. 