While there are many arguments against whether it should be allowed for television advertising to be directed toward young children, some arguments can be found being for it.
For example after all that's what an advert is. Ads are supposed to convince consumers to buy stuff or to have a specific opinion about something. While young children won't be convinced to have opinions, simply because it wouldn't matter as they are still young, there are ads trying to convince them to ask their parents to buy new toys for example. This is not bad in any way, because as said that's what adverts do, age does not matter in this case.
Also the one paying money in order to advertise doesn't care, whether childs or adults see it, as age is not of importance and the ad should convinve anyone who sees it, regardless of age or gender. While there may be some differences, anyone can play with remotely controllable toy cars for example.
Finally the one advertising cannot control who sees the ad. He may change the time the ad is being shown, however in some cases this can result in less people seeing the ad. The one advertising is not responsible for young people seeing it. So again, it's not a matter of fact whether it's directed toward young children or adults.
On the other side from an ethical point of view it's simply wrong to convince children to ask their parents to buy something. That way, adverts can be sure of some of the stuff they're selling being bought. They could raise the price up to a point anyone would think the product is not worth the money. Still, because children between two to five don't have a relation to money yet, they will ask their parents and some parents will buy the product, because their kid asked them.
Furthermore other adverts are also reviewed as ethically wrong, because of categorizing. If there's one 'bad' ad, the other ones too must be 'bad'.
In the end it's just wrong to convince young children to ask their parents to buy something. If the product can be afforded with the money they get from their parents regularly though, it's alright for ads to do so. Companies like Kinder Überraschung or other little cheap candies can convince children to buy them without any doubts. That's what the money parents give their kids regularly is for.