Today many children are influenced by some modern technology like the television. The adults can decide what shows the children whatch. There are some points, that have to be mentioned, if we talk about this problem.
First, many children can be manipulatet from tv-shows. A lot of the movies espacially the movies that are recommended for the age 16 or higher have a big influence to the children. In this context the adults have the responsiblity to advise the children and tell them, whether they are allowed to watch the movies or not. But in this context they are many children who know how to get this movies whithout the look of the adults.
Second, they are many series or tv shows that are representing the sociaty in a wrong way and implicate wrong thoughts into the mind of an innocent children. In the most vincible paragraph of a human living they get influencend and that could cause for ever an can not be changed anymore. Of cause tv-shows are not evil at all but the point should be clear.
In another perspective, a lot of children like and love what thy watch in the television. Also when they like tv shows that exactly fit to this problem and are good for the children and do not influence them like other shows, there is no actual problem with it. So when they look the right tv shows and do not get influenced badly then they can do what they want and look it of cause. Too many hours a day is of cause not recommended because they are much other things to experience. Moreover a children is a children to experience and technological anvancements is a part of the experience.
The most significant problem is with the adults. No one knows how they think an whter a tv shows is good or not. But in my opinion they should have the possibilaty to decide in future too. The adults have to grow up there children and show them a path, where they can go and it should not be a law in book who decides what is good or bad for children. But maybe adults have to see that tv shows can have a great inflouence to children because when not it could go in a very wrong disortioning way and that should be avoided.
To conclude: They are many bad influences, the children can take from tv shows and the adults are obviusly the greatest problem. But I think that they should decide for the children and not a law. They should be telled what influence tw shows can make.