In the following essay I am going to write about the statement "A teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught". First I am going to list some facts against and then there will be some arguments for this sentense. 
One point from the contra side could be, that every student who is interested in a subject doesn't care much about the teacher because they just want to know more about that topic. That means good relation with the teacher doesn't effect their interest in a subject. Even if it was a lazy teacher the students could make an effort on their own and study more at home, there surely will be enough books and sources. 
We should't let the fact of religion out of mention because there are religious people that aren't allowed to build up a good relation to people like your teacher especially if he was a man. 
On the other side, that represents also my opinion, a sympathic, helpful, empathic but also a good qualified teacher who can explain well is important to motivate bored and uninterested students. Even though the students still don't like the subject, they could be looking forward to a varied lessons that contain unespected changes and diverse exercises. Students that like a teacher may behave more adequate and try to do what the teacher expects them to do, than with a unpopular teacher where they can't find the motivation to make a pleasure for him. A teacher maybe even has the ability to motivate people with bad school notes and to integrate and support bullied students when he tries to creat a well class atmosphere and fair school lessons. 
The last paragraph reflects my opinion because on my own I often remark that the behavement, the motivation and also the character of a teacher is very important. This can be usefull and motivating if you've got a good teacher but it can also lead to the contrary which means that you lose your motivation and interest for a subject. Now some people can say that if I wanted I could learn more about that subjet at home but to be honest, hardly anyone would do so much more studying at home when you go to school every day and you have to work for school anyway so often. 