the ability of a teacher to relate well with students is quite important. but no one is going to school for finding a new friend in a teacher. of course they have to be able to create a good atmosphere in the classroom to keep the students motivated. its mostly so that the school subject is defined over the teacher who is teaching it. students don`t get exited over having a lesson by their least favorites teacher. that has consequences on their behavior during class, their attention for the lesson and then lastly on their grade on an exam. but of course a teacher which is everyones favorite because his lessons are chilled and funny, isn`t necesseraly better. if the teacher has no knowledge whatsoever about the subject, the students won`t learn anything and still get bad grades.
so in the end it has to be a good mixture of both. a nice teacher with who you can joke aroud a little, but he still knows when it`s enough and you have to concentrate on the stuff he has to teach. because thats why we go to school right? to learn. it`s kind of sad but thats how our society works. you have to know stuff, to be stuff, to get stuff.
i think there is a diffrence that few see. there is book smart and life smart. the ones that are book smart are great in school. they have perfect grades and no problem in school. but in real life, when they are talking to you, or you ask them for advice which they didn`t learn about in school, they have no clue about it. their social life is a combination of having a good job and people as friends which are all book smart too.
the life smart ones are the opposite. they can`t learn anything out of a book, if they don`t see the direct benefit of knowing it. they are enough smart for passing school because they get the system. life smart people make the best friends you can possibly have. they react always very intelligent altough their decisions are based on their guts. so your whole life is based on knowledge. so i guess it`s kind of important what school you do and what teachers you have.