One of the biggest factor for a successful future is education. And the ones who are giving the existing knowledge to the next generation are teachers. Teaching has always been an occputation which I've always greatly appreciated. Without teachers who are motivated to give their priceless knowledge to the pupils, we wouldn't be here where we stand right now in our lives. They don't only give us scientific facts and tons of formulars, but they also prepare for the future. We get an insight of the outside world, where a lot of cruel things happen. We learn to create our own opinion and how to stand on our own feet. We learn to be independent. 
Giving students an insight of their life can be very helpful at times because no matter what, we can learn from people's mistake as well. Certainly making our own experiences is not the same. Because obviously it's easier to relate experiencing it live and at that very moment. But sharing is caring, right? Talking about life and their past experiences give us students a peak of our future but it doesn't mean that we will have the same future but what can come happe to us eventually. But a the end of the day, we decide our future by our own habits. That's why I think it's important for the teacher to introduce good habits to the kids. Relating, giving them life advices, wise sayings and getting to know the kids is very important. It's different to teach someone who you don't know and someone you have talked before and make a mental connection. Teaching with heart is one of the most appreciative things in the world because without them, we won't be here. 
Knowing the subject perfectly can benefit the society a lot. But what does knowing and not being able to teach in a professional way help the students? Not at all. Obviously, you have to be in the state to be patient and inspirational to teach people certain things. It sure does make a difference if the teacher is just standing in front of a class an talking in a monotone way rather than a friendly and motivated tone. We sure have to make a difference here. 
But after all a balance is very important. Being wise, patient and having a good heart for communication is a good combination indeed. One man has to be passionate about their job and also open-minded to get to know new things and new people. It's all about give and take. Giving the kids their huge knowledge, which they have worked hard for as well, will be returned with thankfulness, appreciation and most important, respect. 