All of us have been students once or are students right now. So we know that every teacher is a bit diffrent and not all students are happy with all teachers. So what does a good teacher needs to have?
A teacher without knowledge can't be a good teacher. I mean how should a person, who doesn't know his subject well, teach students in this subject. So it's important that the teacher is interested in his subject and that he knows much. Lucky for students that in our system teacher only become teacher if they study, so they surely are good at the subject they teach, or they wouldn't teach it.
An excellent knowledge about of the subject is helpful for a teacher of course. But only if you're able to give your knowledge to your students. You can be the best in your subject but you have to pass it to others to be a teacher. I have had a teacher who knew a lot about his subject and could answer to all our questions immidiately. But we students didn't get along with the teacher and his lesson structures, and we didn't learn much. That's quite sad.
A teacher who has a good relation to his students is a better teacher. If your teacher is polite and respectful you like to go to his lesson and you want to learn something. So he motivates you and that's what a teacher should do.
A too near relationship between teacher and student isn't that good. A teacher who has friends in his class has probably more problems to give marks and to have the authority because he wants just the best for his friends. And that could be a quite complicated situation for both, teacher and student.
To conclude I want to say that it's best to have a bit of both. A teacher needs knowledge and he has to get along with his students well (and the students with him). But I think it's more important that a teacher has a good but not too good realtionship to the students, than to have an excellent knowledge. So my opinion is that teacher should be able to give their knowledge to the students. And to do so they need to get along with their students.