I do not agree with the statement that a teachers's ability to relate with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. I think that both of these abilities are very important and essential for being a teacher.
When a teacher can't relate well with students they are less likely to pay attention and are bored faster. They probably also don't like the lessons, don't do their homework and because of that it's going to be harder for hem to study for exams and that's going to cause them bad marks.
The excellent knowledge of the subject on the other hand is important aswell. I think it's a big disadvantage  if the teacher doesn't really know what he's teaching. His ability to explain things isn't going to be the best and when students don't understand the taught knowledge and they know it can't be explained to them, they get bored, don't listen anymore, can't do their homework and are not able to prepare themselves for exams and get bad marks aswell. The teacher also can't really test the students if he doesn't even have the knowledge.
As we can see, if one of those two abilities is missing in the range of abilities of a specific teacher, in the end it's leading to the same result. 
The reason i believe both of them are essential can be explained with simple examples. And as a Student myself i can tell how important these points are. 
If a teacher is able to relate well with his students they are more interested and actually like to be in the lessons. They are also more likely to talk to this teacher if they have got any problems or questions because they don't feel as if they get punished when they don't know or understand things being taught. 
If they can't ralate to the teacher they're probably  gonna be quiet and try to solve their problems themselves, but sometimes that's just not possible.
However, as much as they like this teacher, if they know he/she can't answer the question they're asking, they're still not coming and letting them being helped. So the result i do come to is, if a teacher posesses both of the abilities, he/she is probably going to be the favourite teacher of a lot of students.