"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than exellent knowledge of the subject being taught." This is a statmant which is a little bit unclear and I will giv now my own oppinion about this subject. This is a tough question becuase everyone has a difrent view and everyone has his own oppinion and this is ok but I will try to give some positiv and some critical arguments about this.

At the momen right now I am a student at the KS in Willisau. Every day I have three or fou maby even five diffrent teachers at one day, and every teacher has his own method of teaching. I can say that if the teacher can relate well with students, ti is way more fun to go in the lessons than if the teacher is all the time angry and shouts. For me it is hard to work with a teacher who is all the time angry or does not relate well with students.

Another point is also that kids in lower classes maby dont like tho go to school. For them it is just a "must" and if the teacher is got related with the kids they maby like the shool a little bit more because they have a eacher who is friendly and they trust him.

We heard now some positiv points but there are also a lot of negative points. One is that if the teacher is to good related with the students they maby start thinking that they can do what they want and this is a really big problem. If the kids start thinking that they can do what they want, they start to not going to school, have bad marks and so on and so on. if this happens the teacher has no change to present his teacher role to the kids.

Also a bad point is that if there is a higher class like we are at the KSW, and the teacher do not know his subject exactly, it is hard for him to theach the students good and prepare them, for example for the matura, well. Knowledge is very important esspecialy in higher classes.

I have list some positiv and some negative points about this statement. In my oppiniung knowledge is way more important than to relate well. I also preffer to have a nice teacher nad one who is friendly but in two years i have to do the matura and if I have a teacher who does not know his subject exactly I will not be able to do the matura well. I think every teacher must have 100% knowleedge about his subject but should also be able to relate well with his students because I think if the teacher relates well with the class, the class like to go to school and it is way nicer to teach a class like this.