Being a teacher isn't always easy. Students who don't like school or are bored can disturb the whole lesson. The question, if it's more important to know how to relate with a student than to have an excellent knowledge, arises quite often.

Teachers who don't know their subject well enough can unknowingly teach wrong things to their students. Maybe because they pronounced something wrong during a language lesson, or maybe just because they didn't tell that a student was wrong with his answer. It can be that the teachers just don't want to admit to their students, that  they don't know their subject as well as they want them to believe. Because if you're a teacher, standing in front of your class, and someone asks you a question you don't know the answer to, then you're really ashamed. Some teachers then rather just make up something than telling their students the truth. 
Teachers have to have authority. Students have to have respect, because they really want to make them learn something. And if the class notices that a teacher doesn't know his subject, they just don't look to him as a person of respect anymore.

But there are also things that show how important it is for teachers to have a good relationship to their students. Because if students like their teacher and know that he is a nice person and not like a monster who just wanst to make them suffering, they're more likely to come to school happy. And for teachers it's much easier to teach in lessons with a class, that makes them feel that they are liked. Teachers have to come to school every day too, just like the students. They want to enjoy their work rather than being happy when they don't have to see their class anymore.
And teachers don't become teacher because they have to. They really like their subject and want their students to like it too. It's much more important to have a good relationship with the students than to know their subject fully well. Because if the students like their teacher and they can see how much he enjoys telling something about his subject, then they try to understand what's so fascinating aboout it. And then they start to listen and ask questions - then they start to really learn something.

So you can see: Of course it's important to teach your students the right things. But much more important is it to relate well with your student so you can excite them for your subject.