The relation between a teacher and a student is very important, especially in lower grades. But in a university it's more important that the teacher knows much about the subject, he's teaching. In High School it's important, that the teacher has a good knowledge of the subject, but he has to have a good relationship with the students as well.

Children in primary school aren't used to school yet, so for them it's very important that they know that the teacher is nice to them. Because they can learn a lot easier, if they like school. If a student doesn't like the teacher that often means that he doesn't like school. And then they hate school for a long time and that means, that it will be hard to go to school tfor them always. As an example my sister likes her teacher a lot and she has no problem with sudying and she even enjoys it.
For a teacher it is very hard to have a good relation with everybody, because each student is different and it's very hard that you don't prefer one student. So I think a teacher can't have a great relation with every student, but with a big part of a class. And he can try to have the best relation possible with the student, which he or she doesn't like much. My mother is a teacher in High School and I think she has never had a good relation with every student, but she does her best to relate well with everyone.
In University the students know that they learn for themselves and not for the teacher or for anybody else, so for them a good relation between the professor and themselves isn't very important. They have always more than one professor and if you have ten different teachers you often have one, which you don't like a lot and often he doesn't like you as well. Because of that you have to deal with it, and you learn how to handle it.

I think it is very important to have a goot relation with your teacher if you are young, but if you grow older it isn't as important as before. For the teachers it is not simple to have a good relation with every student, but every teacher should try to relate well with everyone.