Teachers in school have a big responsibility in the education of students. They have to find a balance between teaching the knowledge and interact with the students.

On the one side I would say it is really important that a teacher can relate well with students. It is a part of the job of a teacher to motivate the students and teach them in a interesting way. If a teacher is able to do this it will automatically be easier for him to teach his students and for the students it will be easier to follow the explanation. 

Also students are more confident in asking the teacher something if they think him sympathetic. This also increases the motivation of the students, because the get to know the subject better and understand it better. Also it makes the classes more interesting. 

One of the biggest advantages of a teacher relating well to his students is that the lesson get automatically more efficient, because the students are motivated to work, there is a kind of sympathy between students and teacher and the students are more likly able to put a lot of work in to it. Also can a disliked teacher destroy the fascination of a student for a particullar subject just trough the way he is teaching.


But on the other side, I think it is really important to have a teacher who knows waht he is talking about. It is absolutly destructiv for the students to have a teacher who tells them the wrong things. Even a great motivation can't help there, because later in life the students will maybe stumble over that and then they will always have to put a lot of effort into catching up with others.

I think also the love for a subject shouldn't be dependent on a particullar teacher. That neither helps the students nor the teacher. Also is this love for the subject mostly only for a short period of time.

So in my opinion the teacher must find a balance of relating well with students and teaching them the relevant staff. Neither of the two works without the other one. There is no way teaching student staff without relating to them, but it also doesn't make sense to teach them the wrong stuff just to make the students like him. It wouldn't be a favour for the students. So finally I can't fully agree at the statement above.