In the following essay I will be analyzing the statement: "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.", and stating my opinion on the idea that it presents. 
On the one hand a combination of both of the qualities mentioned in the sentence could be considered what makes a good teacher, someone who the students feel comftorable with, and can converse with at ease but who also makes them feel like they are being taught by a knowledgable and well educated individual, who will be able to help them with any struggles that they may run into in the subject being taught.
I believe that lacking in either of these attributes would make a teacher dissatisfactory. School being the place of learning that it is, a teacher with insufficient knowledge would be of llittle accademic help to the students. If the subject being covered was not one that needed to be looked into in detail, maths at primary school level for example, the teacher's basic knowledge of the subject would probably suffice, however, if the students found themselves in higher education and were taking a scientific subject such as physics, a lack of knowledge on the side of the teacher would be detrumental to the students' learning experience and would make them feel uneasy about the accuracy of what was being taught. 
If a teacher was very knowledgable on their subject but struggled in communicating with the students, the process of learning in the classroom would become a lot more frustrating. Often, a teacher's ability to get on well with their students is greatly appreciated by the students as it makes said teacher's class an enjoyable place to be in and often influences how much the students are willing to learn. Yet a problem arises when the students realise that their teacher doesn't posess an in depth knowledge of what they teach and can lead to their losing respect for the teacher.
I therefor come to the conclusion that the correctness of this statement depends entirely on the level of schooling in question. At a high level of education a teacher's excellent knowledge on a subject can be of great use to students, it makes them feel as if they are being prepared for exams by someone who has taught them sufficiently but at primary school level a teachers inability to converse with their students could lead to the children being put off school in general and could be extremely damaging to their future school careers. 