Knowledge of the subject being taught of a teacher is very important for sure. A teacher can be as sympathic as possible, but it will not help when his students think that he actually does not really know what he is telling them. It goes too far as soon as a teacher is only "cool " and every lesson is really much fun but nothing to learn really. Students will probably enjoy this situation, but it will not help their for the future if they do not learn anything.

On the other hand, there is no question that a teacher has to be able to relate well with his students. Only in a good relationship between the teacher as an authority and the students allows the teacher to do his job well. Knowledge does not help at all when no student listens to what he is being taught. So a teacher should always be able to point out who makes the rules. On the other side, he should not be to severe because that would frighten the students. There has to be a balance between being an authority and a helping friend. It is one of the most important things that a teacher knows how to keep this balance, because it provides that the students are motivated to learn.

But lets be honest. You do not get employed as a teacher because of your sympathy. What counts the most are your qualifications and references. Because employers can count on this numbers who show how qualificated you are. Sympathy can not be measured and so it does not have the same importance as your references have. This shows that knowledge is more important than a teacher's ability to relate well with students.

What to say against this? In my opinion, it is your references that make you get the job as a teacher, but it is your good relationship with your students that makes you stay. It is more motivating for both teacher and students to have a good athmosphere while teaching and learning. This provides that the teacher is more likely to spend more hours in preparing his lessons and that the students listen to their teacher and do their homework.

