It is important that a teacher understands his or her stundents. He should be able to learn how they think. That makes is much easier for him to understand whar their problems are and what questions they have. For example, a teacher who's only few years older than his students, from the same generation, has a similar what to think and to talk and he may made  the same mistakes only few years ago.
Additionaly, when he can relate to the students, they have a better relation to him, so they feel more confortable during the lessons, which makes it easier for them be attentive and to learn something.
If the teacher can relate to the students, he knows exactly how he should teach the things such that they are understanding everything, which is very helpful, for sure.
It is a big benefit if you have more in common with your students because then you and the students aswell don't have the feeling that you are just in this class room because you have to. You feel more confortable and have sympathies for the teachers which makes the lessons much easier. The knowledge is something you can learn and forget, but the personality is something that stays. Exact dates or whatever, you can look them up in books and the internet, but changing the personality would be more difficult. Once I had a teacher who liked football as I do, so I was always looking forward to discuss with him before the lessons.

On the other hand, isn't knowledge the requirement for doing this job? You are learning and studying for years to become a master in a certain subject. So yes, excellent knowledge is important and the first basic for doing this job, otherwise you couln't become a teacher.
Knwoledge is important for understanding what problems the students have. It is very helpful to unterstand where the student's mistake lies and what they have done wrong.
Knowledge is a big benefit in explaining things. It is easier for the teacher to know how to explain the things, how to teach if he is an expert in the subject. He is able make relationships between certain things, so it causes less difficulties for the students to learn them. For example, a teacher who does all his sheet himself, can design them as he wants and it is perfect for his style of lessons.

So yes, for me the teacher's ability to relate with students is more important than the knowledge. This comes from my personal experience, which makes it clear for me. I had both sorts of teacher and with the first type of teacher, with the one better relating to the students, I came along much better and I liked the lessons much more.