Out of question is, that the teacher should always have knowledge of the subject he or she is teaching. The other part of teaching is to relate to the students and interact with them, and understand them. But of what use is a teacher that doesn't have a clue on how to interact with children and just reads down books?
In the case a teacher really just knows about the subject and not about how to interact with kids, on the one hand he still would be able to give at least the smarter pupils some knowledge. These few students would then explain the topic to the others, and the class may have not learnt it as well as with a good teacher, but at least a bit. On the other hand though, a teacher like this most likely would take all the motivation from the class and nobody would pay attention anymore, which would make the teacher even care less and so on. Now if a teacher is the nicest man on earth, but he is actually not that good in the respective subject, not even the intelligent and motivated students will learn much, since the teacher would bring facts that are simply wrong or he couldn't explain questions, and as a final result, the whole class would be happy, But they wouldn't learn anything. Of course these two examples are extreme situations that would never occur in real life. In the Gymnasium, i'd say, most teachers are on the knowledge side, which is good, since there the smart people that understand topics without problems stay and not much interaction with students is needed. In the lower grades for example the situation is different. With younger kids and a big range of marks, a teacher that just reads down a topic would be completely useless. Moreover, the children there are still in the middle of their developement and have to be not only teachers, but educators that teach the kids not only stiff subject, but also manners for example. Kindergarten is an extreme example here, with no real subjects and just "playing".
In conclusion, it strongly depends on the age and intelligence of the students how well a teacher has to be able to realte to the pupils. The younger the people to be tought, the more supportive and understanding a teacher has to be.