This question is not an easy one to answer nor a hard one. Ofcourse should a teacher relate good with the students but not to well. You maybe ask: "Why good and not well." Because if a teacher relates to strong with a student it can cause wrong marks or wrong notes about the student and the students will start to think that the teacher is on their level and won't be mad if they don't do for example homework. The teacher would lose his status as a teacher his authority would be gone and because of that he wouldn't be able to control the students anymore and on the other side being to unrelatable would make the students to hate/dislike the teacher and it would make the class boring and the students would stop listening so a teacher has to find a balance. Ofcourse saying that the ability to relate wel with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject is in my opinion bullshit because I heard of many cases were students were being misstaught something and because of that they would believe the wrong information until they were taught correctly. For example a friend of mine (who lives in israel) was taught that Adolf Hitler was born in Germany but that's completly wrong. People who were taught correctly know that he was born in Austria. My friend says that his teacher is really nice and can relate with the students and I thought that that was good to hear but it doesn't matter if the teacher doesn't even knows his own subject so how did he even get his degree. A teacher should be nearly flawless in his subject. I said "nearly" because it is human that some little erros can occur aslong as they don't change for example the history (for example changing names or important information). My math teacher in primary school for instance was a perfect teacher for childern she taught everything in the easy way and she knew how to handle students but she sometimes taught us confusing things and because of that we had problems later on. That shows that even the nicest teacher I met didn't had the perfect "balance". Our physics teacher is for example a guy that know his subject perfect and I never saw him do any mistake without correcting it but he's not good with students. He explains everything in a complex way so many students don't get along but he doesn't care he just says: "It's not my problem you have to try get along or else ask me questions or inform yourself". To be honest I'm completly fine with that. I know it's hard for me and the other students but that's life. I bet that's how it is in university so I try to get used to it.

To summarize my text:
A teacher should find the balance between relating well with students but not too well but he should also know his subject.
Knowing his subject is in my opinion more important than relating with students aslong as he isn't to harsh.