This thesis states that what makes a good teacher is his ability to connect with the students rather than being excellent at the subject they are teaching. This statement opens up some questions and is in need of an explanation, because if you think of the definition of a teacher, you think of a sort of expert in a particular subject that wants to pass on his extensive knowledge to his students. But you also think of a mentor, that has to guide their students through their journey in school and who is also there to understand you.
On one hand there is some truth in the fact that a teacher has to relate well with the students in order to pass on knowledge, because usually, and I speak of experience, you remember what a teacher said when they have an interesting personality in a way that you can see how much this particular subject means to them and with how much passion, even though they are not always right, they speak of something. It's obviously a plus if they are good people that listen to their students when they have something to say and don't just stick to the programm like some teachers do. The students remember what they learned because they feel aknowledged and respected, rather than just a bunch of people you have to teach the same stuff, even if it is very elaborate and correct, every year. 
On the other hand a teacher with an excellent knowledge in a certain subject can show the students more things than someone who maybe has a good personality and is very relatable but only discusses things on the surface, because they want to please the students and not bore them too much. There will always be students that are bored in class but for the more interested students that want to know more it is important to find a way to satisfy their need for more knowledge. 
But a teacher needs a mix of both in my opinion, you have to try and understand the students, so that you can treat each other with respect and not with superiority but you also have to pass on your knowledge to the people who want to know more. Especially in this grade, when we decided ourselves if we wanted to remain in school and get a Matura or if we wanted to have a job, you have to consider that we are here by our free will and are willing to listen to a more difficult lesson. In the end we want to feel respected and listened to and at the same time learn more about the subject even if it can be very difficult at times. 