The question if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellen knowledge of the subject being thaught is a topic which concerns parents and pupils all over the world. The emotional bond to a teacher such as the knowledge the teacher can offer are two very important factors in a childs education. 

A nice and understanding teacher can create a good learning and working environment for the students. They feel more comfortable and therefore can concentrate fully on the subject that is being taught. The empathy of a teacher may also influence the work ethics of the class. By showing some understanding for the students they will do their part with more enthusiasm and try their best. But we cannot forget that there would be no point in having a nice teacher if his knowledge of the subject is compromised. The education should  still be the most important thing for a school.

How a school is set up though is very important for the learning process of a child. Non tradionalist schools like one in Norway have a student counsil who elects their teachers and gets to vote on who to employ and if necessary if they want to fire a teacher or not. The students are given a lot of responsibility which builds up the pressure of succeding in that school. Since they elect their teachers they cannot refuse to do the work for reasons like not liking them or having a problem with the teachers. The students are incorporated in the desicion making but also are exspected to behave accordingly.

In conclusion I would  personally say that the top priority of schools should be the education of their students and the knowledge of a teacher. Still, they should also keep in mind that incorporation and empathy can enhance the performance in school and motivate the students to succed. The schools can benefit from their ability to relate to students in order of a well-balanced atmosphere in the classroom. I suppose everybody would rather feel like they are being understood and taken seriously than feeling neglected and left behind.


