For me it is very important, that the teacher is able to relate well with students, but of corse a teacher has also to know a lot of things about his subject. A teacher who cannot treat wiht his students and explain them things or listening to their problems is, for me, not able to be a good teacher. It's very important, that the teacher can be able to understand the students and he can relise that every student is different. In the most common schools it's very difficult for the students to switch so fast between so many subjects. For example in a normal day for me, I have more or less about 5 different subjects. Sometimes the combination of the subjects is very bad. At wednesday I have german, french and english. It's enormously difficult not to be confiused with the languages when you have english just after you had two lessons french. So what I want to say is, teacher have to relise, that many students need a certain time after the beginning of the lesson, to be able to give  very best of this subject. Our german teacher know this exactly and because of this he never beginns just wehn the lesson beginn wiht his plan. No, he talks to us and asks us hat subject we had before, whats going on in our life at the moment (for example our school party we have every summer, the "SoNaFe") ans so we can go slowly into th subject. 
On the other hand we have a geography teacher, who knows enormously much and you can expect, that he loves his subject, but I cannot listen to him, because he tels all the things in a language I don't understand, just because he use so difficult words and after a certain time in his lessons, my thaughts flow away and I look ou of the window, wondering whats going on there, just because it's so much more interesting for me (and a lot of other students, as I know). So maybe he's more competent as a scientist but absolutely not as a teacher. I can also talk about an other teacher, our physics teacher. He was a great scientist and worked also in the USA but then he descided to work as a teacher and I thank good that he's my teacher. He knows exactly how difficult his subject can be and so he explain things not at his, but at our level. I'm not very good in physics but I like his lessons and he always want us to understand things and explains them three times, when it has to be. 
So I would say the excellent knowledge is not the most impotant thing for a teacher. 