When i was at primary school, i had a teacher which i really liked. The teacher was funny and made a lot of funny things with us. But when the lesson got serious and my class asked the teacher several things about that subject, most of them could not be answered by him. He always told us to find it out until the next day. So does a teacher only has to be funny or does he has to know also his subject? I think both of them!

Of course it is really important, that a teacher is not only an unreachable person in the front. He should really be able to relate with its pupils well. He could reach this if he is for example funny and make some jokes. For the children, but also for teens and young adults, a nice and cool teacher is a great factor in going to school with joy. If there is a too serious teacher, most of the children would prefer an other one. 
If the pupils like the school it is also more interesting for the teaching person, because he can come a lot further with his plans than others. So the ability to realte well with the students is quite important for both sides.

But not only this is important. It is also really helpful that the teacher knows his subject very well. Because if he could not answer any questions because of his missing knowledge and only teaches the pupils what is written on his paper, the lessons get boring faster than others think. After some weeks with such a teacher, the spirit of going to school is flown away.

Furthermore if the subject is not taught well, the students have to learn much more for important test like the mature and they have probably less chances for theire following way, altough the teacher should support the students in that way.

All in all I think a teacher should be able to teach his subject in a perfect way without any mistakes and questions. Additionally, he should be also relate with his students well and should be able not to take everything too serious. Because both factors are important for a good lesson at school.