
What's more important? A teacher who has the ability to relate well with his students, or a teacher who has excellent knowledege of the subject he's teaching?
Well in this essay I will show you, dear readers, which of those two abilities is more important.

A teacher has to have a good relationship with his students. In todays society it is really important to communicate with each other, to know and understand, what the other person is talking about. So students, who get along with their tachers very well, have it easier, to understand him during the lessons. But why? Well, if a teacher has te ability, to relate well with his students, they are going to listen to him, mark his words and won't be afraid to ask questions. Simply because they like him. So students learn much more and faster if they have a teacher, who can relate with them and understand their difficulties and problems and also shows tolerance for them.

On the other hand, a teacher who is absolutely in love with his subject and knows everything about it, can teach his stundents more. Because being tolerance and nice won't teach the stundents something about subjects like chemistry or the history of mankind. A teacher who has excellent knowledge about his subject can give a lot of important informations and also very good learning techniques for his students, just because he knows what he is talking about. So we can say, we have a draw now between those two abilities.

But all knowledge in the world won't bring you anything, if you can't pass it on to your students. Maybe because there's a lack of communication between you and them, you just can't explain things well, because you don't see any problems or difficulties in your subject, or they simply don't like you, because of your appereance. So here we have it again. For a teacher who can relate to his students and who has a god relationship with his classit is easier, to teach them things, just because they are willing to listen to him. 

Now dear reader, I have shown you some positive and some negative arguments for and against the agreement to the statement, that is shown above. But at the end I have to say, in my opinion it is more important that a teacher can relate with his students and also really talk to them, than a teacher who is an absolute mastermind about the subject he is teaching, but at the end no one understands what he is talking about, because his lessons are too complex.