"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taugt."
Is it really more important that a teacher has the ability to get along well with the students or is it more important that he is perfect in the subject he teaches?
Today I will answer this question for you according to my experiences as a student.

A teacher obviously has to be good in the subject that he teaches. He needs to be able to understand his stuff to give it to the students. A teacher with no knowledge of his subject is not worth his very high salary because a teacher does earn a lot and therefore he needs to know the stuff he teaches very well. I have had a teacher in english in primary school that didn't really speak that good english. But he was actually good at teacchig and at holding lessons and his lessons have always been interesting. In the end I learned a lot. The problem is that lots of things i learned from him is wrong.

On the other hand, it's also very important for a teacher to be able to give the stuff he knows to the students. A teacher that has perfect knowledge in his subject but can't teach these things to his students is useless. Also it is important for a teacher to get along well with the class. If that's not the case, problems will appear. Students won't listen to the teacher because they're annoyed and things start to escalate. In conditions like this it's hardly possible to learn something. I had a teacher in Mathematics a couple of years ago who was exactly like this. He couldn't teach but was very intelligent and knew a lot. We had a lot of complications with him and we even went to the school director because it just couldn't go on like that. He was too fast and we didn't understand anything. 

So in my opinion this phrase is right. A teacher has to be able to relate well with his students because if he doesn't, he wont be able to teach well. The result is, that we're bad at school. Of course it would be perfect if the teacher has both of these abilities listed above but if I could choose which ability my teacher should have, I would definetly want that my teacher relates well with us. Although not everything he says might be right but he is not talking complete nonsense so at least parts of the things he says will be right. That means that we would still learn a bit. And as long as we get along well with the teacher, everything's alright. 