A teacher has to have a widely knowledge of what he is teaching to the students but he should also have some ability to relate well with students.

I think it is important for the students when the teacher can relate well with them. But the knowledge of a theme must be really big because it is more important to learn the things right and to learn as much as possible in an easy way. And in my opinion a teacher can teach something in an easier way when he has en excellent knowledge of the subject. 

A positive effect of having the ability to relate well with students would be that many children do not understand very fast what is to do and what is the sense of the thing they are being taught. So when they not know what they have to do they would not have as much as fear when the teacher would not have the ability. For example when I know that my teacher gets angry very fast and he does not know how to inform me about the subject I would not ask him.

Otherwise when the teacher could handle the students extremely well but if they ask something about the theme and he could not answer the question this has a greater influence on students learning progress than handle them very easily. 

How I have already said a teacher can explain something easier when he knows a lot about it because than he can rethink what he said, and the students may not understood, and than he can try to say it again in another way. For example when I want to explain how our hearts work but the students do not understand. When I now know a lot about it I can try to overthink it and after a while I may have an other way to explain them what I mean.

Nevertheless I think a teacher has to have the ability to relate well with children because without having only some ability he could explain nothing. Then in this case nobody would listen to him and he could not handle the children.

All in all I would say that the importance of having an excellent knowledge of the subject is more important but relating well with the students has nearly the same importance.
