I think that a teacher who knows everything about his subject but doesn't really has a talent to explain what he knows isn't a good teacher. Neighter is someone who relates very well to the students but doesn't know anything about what he says. A really good teacher is able to do both: Knowing much and explaining well. 
A few years ago I had a teacher in Physiks who was very clever and an extremely nice person, but when she tried to explain her knowledge to us students, we really didn't get what she said. The problem was that before she had become a teacher she was an astrophysik an her job was to explore and study the universe. She did that at a place where everyone spoke a different language. Russian, English and so on but no german. When she came to swizzerland to become a teacher she couldn'd speek one word german. She had to learn our lenguage from zero on. Five years later she had got a job as a physics amd maths teacher at my school and we were her first class ever. So she tried to start explaining a very easy thing but her problem was the language and that she almost knew to much to conzentrate on one simple thing. She always started to talk about the background of some difficult theories and we were confused by the language and the informations she gave us. It was too much. So at the beginning we all wrote very bad marks and she thought she would never arrive at teaching us well. Our teacher promised us to take german lessons and try to focus on the very basics of physiks. We made a promise too. At the Beginning we were frustrated and got very unconcentrated, even mean when she tried to explain something to us. But then whe said we would give her the chance she deserved.
After a while her language got better and we understud what she wanted to teach us. In the end she became one of my favourite teachers eventhough I don't like the subjects she teached. 
I think this shows, that it is important for a teacher to relate with the students to be able to teacht them all the knowledge he/she got. You have to feel well in a class, have to know the teacher is there to help you. Otherwise you won't be able to learn anything. 
To relate and to know - this should be every teachers goal. 