I think that a teacher in one specific subject can affect the students opinion about that subject very strong. I'm convinced about the fact that if you like the teacher and how he is teaching his subject you will learn to like or even love this subject more than you've done before. You'll be more intrested in the subject and you wont be learning that hard if you're faszinated about something. Of course your opinion about a school subject can also get affected in a negative way. I can tell from my own experiences that if you have a totally boring and not intresting teacher you're going to dislike that subject more and more. If the teacher can relate well with the students it is huge bonus point and can really affect your attention and intrest in school. But I mean if the teacher doesn't have the minimal knowledge about the subject he's teaching, he wont be able to taught you and your classmates something. The most important thing in school is that you learn new things and are able to get an education and later a good paid job about which you're happy. Expanding your knowledge is one of the best things you can do in your life because it is something nobody is able to steal from you. In my opinion a teacher has to have an excellent knowledge of the subject he's teaching. Of course he doensn't need to know everything, i mean honestly who does? but he has to be able to teach his students the most important things of the subject and try to make them think as positivly as posible about it. 
So for the record: I disagree with the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject , being taught, because in the end it doesn't help you to have a good relationship with the teacher when he doesn't even know what he's talking about. Of course it is a huge motivation to have a cool teacher and to have fun in class but actually all of this doesn't matter later when you don't have the knowledge which you should have. 