Is it possible to be a good teacher if your knowledge of your subject is great but your relation to the students isn't good?

The knowledge about his subject is very important, because you are teacher to teach people so you have to know something you can teach them. If you aren't good in conversation or solving problems with the students it should not be an influence to the style you teach. Maybe there will be some problems but if you have a good knowledge about your subject the lessions should be more tensioning than if you don't know much about.

A contrary aspect is that there will be always some problems with students, because sometimes they are stressed or bored in the lession and aren't paying attention anymore. In such a situation it would be usefull to have a good relation to the students to find a solution for these problems. 

If you are able to create a tensioning lession there shoudn't be any bored students in the classroom. And in addition the teacher is there to give them more knowledge about this subject and isn't payed for finding solutions matching their problems. If every teacher would try to be in a good relation with every student there woudn't be any lessions, because he would be considered to care the relation to each of them. 

The teacher hasn't to be a good friend to the students but in some situations it's usefull if they get on well with each other. Of corse the teacher should be concentrated in the lession but if the students are bored he should change his method of teaching, because they won't pay any attention anymore.

In conclusion I would say that a teacher should be considered about the students attention in some ways. For example he should make sure that everyone can work in a comfortable athmosphere and can learn something during the lessions. If individuals don't want to learn in lessions in my opinion they don't have to sit in there, they will actually make troubles instead of being productif. I don't think that the teacher has to be concerned about them, because if they don't want to, he could make whatever he wants to, they won't be happy. So his focus should be on teaching his subject optimal and if there is need of some relation to the students, why not? But the mainly point should be the subject he is teaching for several students for many years. Students change with time but the subject rests the same and won't change. Just the students and the methods of teaching can change.