What does a person need to be a good teacher? This kind of questions got more and more important during the last years, but more important than those questions are their answers. The knowledge surely is an aspect of a good teacher, especially on higher grades. However, the relation between teacher and students is just as important - if not even more important than the knowledge. 
The difference between a good and a not that good teacher is the ability to explain subjects. No student profits from a teacher having perfect knowledge in physics if he cannot explain even the most simple things. But to explain something to students, you need to know them - this is the real knowledge you need. Everyone has his or her own ways to understand subjects, and the better you know how the brains of your students work and how you can make a difficult subject understandable to them, the better they will get your explanations.
As a next point, it is proven that in the brain is a direct connection between learning and having emotions. Simple said, learning is only really effective when you have emotions during the learning process. A good relation between student and teacher is the right way to learn more and to remember more stuff which you have learned during the classes. How should one create positive emotions at his students if he barely knows their names, sees them twice a week and disappears right after their lesson without caring about them as humen? 
Last but not least, we connect the classes we have not only with the different subjects but also with our teachers. The main point of school is learning, of course, but also creating interest. If you have a nice teacher who is really willing to interact with his students and to have a good relation towards them, it will be easier for him to create interest for his subject so they will maybe read more about different stuff or even decide to study it after school which is the main goal of a teacher himself. 
So all together, even if the educational aspect is not all fullfilled, one can still be a good teacher - or even a better one than a perfectly formed, cold one. 