It`s important that teacher`s abilty is to realte well with students. Because when the student has a good connection with the teacher maybe he would like to learn more inthis subject. When a teacher is really strict and not really friendly and it`s hard to students to sympathize with the teacherand also with the subject. You see this example in a lotof situations in school. A lot of students like this subject, in which they have good marks and in which the lessons are interesting. Because if a teacher is too strict and his antisympathic and then his lessonas are auticomatically uninteresting. 
But to this you could also say, that if you are starting to visit university you haven`t got a personal connection to the professor. You`re just sitting with other students in this room and you all are listening to the professorand you are making notices about the informations the teacher is giving you. So if the professor actually relates really wellwith the students but hasn`t got an excellent knowledge you will have problems in the exams. Because there you have to have the knonwoledge to pass this exam. There no one is asking you if the ability of the teacher in relating with his students is well.
So actually I think it`s more important for the students life ,when you are starting to go to university, that the teacher has and excellent knowledge. And he sould be able to tell his students all the information of this subject in clear and logical way. In my opinion, I think it`s more important when your going to primary and secundary school, that the teacher has both abilities. A young child has to learn in primary school general things that you have to know for your life like to write, to read, to count... . So for a pupil in age 6 to 13 it`s important that they grow up in school witha nice friendly teacher who relates well with his pupils. Because there you starting to build your own personality and that is only possible in a good environment.  But if you are a teacherat university I think than it`s definitly more important to have an excellent knowledge. For students in secundary school I thing both abilities are important. But maybe knowledge is also in secundary school more important because in this age you have a better sensity of what is right and what is false. There you haven`t got like in primary a that big connection to the teacher.   
    