I think that it is always very important that a teacher has the ability to relate to his students and goes along with them through their journey in school. If the teacher is nice and the students like him and feel well in class, they most likely like going to class. I have experienced this already for myself. To like a teacher and to know that you can make mistakes, is in my opinion a must have when going to school. There are and will be always teachers that are harder with the rules and other things sorrounding school. So I think a teacher can be hard with rules but still be nice, but there are also some that are extremely hard and evil. So if you make one mistake they get angry and start shouting at you and probably give you bad grades. What you get from this is that you feel uncomfortable. Feeling uncomfortable makes you lose your interest to the subject because you don't like going there. You do not feel well sitting there and being judged for every single mistake you make or even word you say. So you stop participating and have to repeat everything at home, which takes a lot of time from your free time. So you completely stop liking the subject, and this is only because of your teacher, that can't relate well with students. 
But excellent knowledge of the subject can't be left out. The reason why we go to school in the first place is because of the knowledge we want to be teached. But it helps if the teacher goes along well with his class and is able to support you during your schooltime. In my opinion a teacher has to have both; the ability to relate well with students and excellent knowledge of his subject, so none of the two can be left out. I mean for example you also don't like a vet for your pet that knows everything about every animal but then in the end hates animals and is most likely a hunter or something like that. This does not make any sense. So the question I am asking myself is if you become a teacher, why would you even think of not liking students? Or if you are in university to become a teacher, don't you learn to handle people, especially annoying students? 
My answer to this statement is that if you can not relate well with students, do not become a teacher. You can always learn the knowledge of a subject, but the ability to relate well with students must be in your heart from the start. You don't only ruin your life, you also ruin the life of many students. 