I think it is really important to relate well with students. If you can't relate with students they don't listen to the teacher. The teacher can have the biggest knowledge of the subject but if the students don't listen to him than he can't teach them all the stuff.
When the students don't like the teacher they like provocating him. The are speakting during the classes and if the teacher asks a question about a theme the students don't answer him because they like seeing him angry. But if the teacher relate well with the students, the students are interested in the things what he is tolding. They like working with the teacher and answering questions because they hate it if the teacher has to shout because he isn't happy with this students. The students also want to see the teacher proud. They want to show him that they are well in his subject.
On the other side it's also quite important to have the knowledge to teach the students. If the teacher doesn't have any idea from the subject but the students like him and are listening to him that it is also a problem. Because if they like the teacher than they believe him everything, not important if it's wrong or not. If the teacher sais it then it's always right. 
If the teacher has a bad knowledge about the subject which he's teaching and the students believe him everything and then suddenly the students are figuring out that many things of what the teacher was tolding is wrong then they don't believe him anymore. Mabey they are laughing about the teacher because he's a teacher with a bad knowledge. So the good relationship between students and teacher is not as good as before.

I think it's more important to have a good relationship with the students. Because if they like the teacher they are listening to him and are interested in the subject. But the teacher has to have a basis knowledge. It is not possiple that you are teaching the students wrong things. And the opposite if you just have an excellent knowledge but the students aren't interested than it's worse. The teacher can be as clever as possible but if the students don't listen to him than it's not important if the teacher's clever or not. If you have a good knowledge about the themes and relate well with the students than it's perfect. So the students learn most from the classes. 
It's important to have something from both sides. Relating well with students but also have a knowledge of the subject.