This essay is about a discussion based on this following statement: A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important that excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. I have listed up two arguments, one for each case, telling about the importance of both kinds of teachers. 

1. Imaging how it must feel going to school and knowing that there is someone waiting for you who understands you. For some people this person is a friend, for others it's their teacher. Teachers have a big impact on kids, in some cases even a bigger one that the family of these children. We learn from them about almost everyhting, starting of with math and ending by how to knit. When a kid feels safe and accepted somewhere it has better grades and learns easier and faster. It's willing to accept challenges and to things which go out of their comfort-zone. This is only possible if the kid feels safe, and doesn't stand under pressure or stress. The ability to relate to childeren is most important in elementry and middle school. Childhood should be spend learing and having fun and not standing under any certain pressure or stress coming from the teachers. 
A good teacher can help in difficult situations and is there for the kids when they are having a hard time with family problems or with struggles at school itself. 

2. Having said that, it's really important to grow up with relating teachers, it's now time to look at the other side of the sheet. Since teachers teach us really important abilities and knowledge for life, they have to have a excellent knowledge about subjcets they are teaching. A french teacher how barely speaks french isn't a real french teacher and a math teacher who can't do Algebra shouldn't be teachig maths. Sure that's a little over dramatic but you'll get my point. It's important for teachers to be able to answer the questions a kid brings up and give them a right answer containing true informations. Children are very curious so it's a need to feed them with interesting facts and informations.  

In my opinion a mixure of both argument makes a perfect teacher. I had really strict teachers with a big knowledge but they couldn't get me intersested in their class and some other teachers who were really relatable to my problems and myself got me hyped for the same subject the strict teacher taught me. In some classes is it really helpful to have a strict, non-relatable teacher but as soon as a kid starts struggling in this teachers class, there needs to be some help and understanding. It's not always easy going and coming to school, but what helps is a good teacher who can help, listen and give a good amount of interesting, important informations.