The controversial discussion about learning methods and their ability to raise our children in a good and human way, is held since the school was made up. Even before there were schools, I think people exatcly knew who they want to teach their children and who they didn't want.

Of course it's important to relate well with students, it's the basis to teach well and it's important for children to learn what is going on in this world besides the subject. It's important for Children that they are in a peacful atmosphere where they can study. Without trust, a teacher can know as much as he wants to but he will never be able to let the children know what he knows. He will never help raising our own flesh and blood to accepetable and wise people. After the class with this teacher they will probably know how important it is to respect everyone the same. But in the next school they'll not know how to write a good essay in english. In fact they learn nothing with a teacher who has no knowledge.

On the other side without excellent knowledge of his subject a teacher can't have authority. When a teacher can't answer the questions beeing asked he will soon lose his voice in the class and the children can't learn nothing. One may think it's the parents job to raise the children, so that they respect everyone as they are. But there is a lot of preassure on the education, they have to be the childrens third parents and they have to help children in wichever problem they are. With a teacher who knows a lot of his subject but nothing about the social life and who doesn't care about the childrens problems, you probably know how to write a essay but you will be full of hatred against learning something new. The children close their minds if they can't trust the teacher, in fact they will learn nothing with a teacher, who has no social skills.

What we see in the arguments is at the same time my opinion. You have to have both: social skills and knowledge, you have to have authority and be kind. A peaceful atmosphere where you help the children and let them be individuals.