I think that a teacher has to always have excellent knowledge of their subject(s). This is mainly because teachers that relate well with students but have no idea at all what they're teaching don't do their students any long-term favors. They may be the personal favourites of the students during their school time, because they are in a good teacher-to-student relationship but later in life or at some point in a more advanced career, they are going to realize what they missed out on. I, myself, had some teachers that I believe to belong in this category, and, now being further advanced in the concerning subjects, I had to realize how much of an impact my less than average knowledge had on my ability to follow lessons in a higher school level.
On the other hand, if this goes too far into the other extreme, thus having a teacher that is basically a walking encyclopedia in their subject but hates to teach, can't excite their students for the lessons or keeps the subject's level so high that almost nobody can follow, it gets just as problematic. In fact, it leads to almost the same results, because most students will, confronted with a teacher like above, just start not to care for the subject and lose their ability to follow the lessons, leading to a vicious circle that ends with the same situation as I named above. Therefore a teacher also has to be able to relate well with their students, so that they can maybe even excite some for their subject that would otherwise just abandon it. I think this holds especially for people that are weak in a certain subject and can be helped by a teacher that relates well to them and can aid them in person.
So, in conclusion, I can say that both these qualities are very important and I cannot completely agree with the statement. In fact, I believe the two to be almost as important as one another. This also depends on the individual students' opinion and preferences, as some students might like a more straightforward teaching style, and others might prefer a teacher to be relatable, but I'm positive almost all of them will agree with me in my basic point that the extremes are not desirable and the two qualities are pretty much equally important.