Imagine there is a teacher with a perfect kownledge in front of me. He talkes, trys to explain a very difficult physical law. And the class just stares very sleepy at him but don`t get anything because the teacher is unable to relate well with students. Now imagine the opposite. The teacher don`t know all of his subject but interacts well with the class, they like him and learn a lot. In this to examples you clearly see that I mostly agree with this statement. I think that a ability to well relate is more important than a perfect knowledge. You can`t just know all to be a good teacher. At the gymnasium and the university instead it becomes less relevant because the students getting older. But also in this age I think that with a good relationship between students and teacher the students will learn faster and better. At the younger classes I think that its the most important ability a teacher have to have. Let me explain why. There are two teachers at my brothers school. Both are teaching history. One of them nearly knows all. But in his lessons he talkes and talkes the kids don`t get much because there isn`t any order in his explenations and he always change the subject because he remember another fact. The kids have to learn a lot for the exams and forget all after the test. The class wrote a letter to the headmaster and asks if its possible to change the teacher. They ask for the teacher they had before this one came. This second teacher is known for his ability to interact well with students, to be able to push them and to make lessons which the students enjoy. Now my brothers class has this teacher again. And we see that he likes to go to this lessons and that he learn much more than before. For ending my text and make a conclusion I want to say that it`s much more important to have the ability to realate well because I can look up any information in the internet and learn them but you can`t learn interacting. And I think it`s shown that people learn better when they feel good in the lessons. with emotions you`ll learn more and better.