Students in elementary school look up to their teachers. They are their role models, they are parental figures, the are mentors and much more. Not only are teachers responsible for a students knowledge when it comes to History, Math etc., but they also have to teach them important lessons about live. They have to show compashion as well as teach it to the kids. Allthough, you can't be a teacher without knowing your stuff. If you aren't able to prepare your kids for the next step in school, you shouldn't be a teacher, but work in a daycare or something like that. 
As older the kids get, the more they lose contact to the possitive side of their teacher's. The stop to admire them and don't want to impress them. Teachers become their enemies. Teachers went from a father figure/mother figure to people who embarras you in front of all your friends if you dont know the answer. The education is becomming more and more focused on the subjects in school and less on the development of the kids. In elementary school, kids get hold back on a regular basis for not being mature or emotionally ready for the next step, in high school, that doesn't happen. In the beginning, you only have one teacher. Your connection is very strong, they are a big part of your live, but as you get to the next school, that does change, you have one teacher per class. Your teachers are people you see two or three hours a week and maybe sometimes on the hallway. If you think back to your elemtary school teacher, the majority has a pleasent memory, your teacher comforting you when your parents drop you off, or your teacher being there for you when you need to talk to somebody. If you think about high school, your memory might not be that nice, your PE teacher humiliating you for not being able to climb up that rope, or him hitting you with dodgeballs.My point of view is that this statement is neither wrong nor right. In the begining it is very true, but it becoms more and more of a false statement as the students grow up.