Nowadays more and more people are critizing school. Education is a big part of our lives and a very important part. Unfortunately the school sytem has hardly changed since it was created and many think it is now time for a change. Nevertheless teachers will always be part of the school system and that's why teachers need to be made to teach students and prepare them or their future.

These students are the future of our society, they are the next inventors and pioneers. These young people have to be taught accurate knowledge and this can't be done without teacher's who have an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. We have to be sure that the students are being taught real knowledge and not some random or wrong information. Teaching young people wrong information is worse than teaching them nothing. Having an excellent knowledge is also very important to be able to fully understand the subject and reply to the students's questions in an accurate and understandable way. Someone who does not have an excellent knowledge of the matter at hand, will not have a perfect understanding of it and thus will not be able to answer questions in an understandable way.

A teacher's ability to relate well with students is highly important because a connection between the teacher and it's individually students has to be establish to enable a friction-free relationship during class. Such a connection will captivate the students attention and facilitate the learning experience. If the student relates well with the teacher, they will be willing to pay attention and thus learn much more of what is being taught. Furthermore if the student has a good relationship with the teacher it will feel more a l'aise and ask more questions and really want to understand what is being taught.

Personally I think that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than having an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. What is the point of having an excellent knowledge if the student is not willing to pay attention to the teacher and learn? In my opinion it is very important that a good connection between the teacher and it's stundents is established for them to work well together. Thus the student can make much use of the teachers knowledge and learn at his best. 