A statement that many people would maybe agree with at the first moment, as I did as well. But if you think about it a few seconds, there are coming pictures in your mind of english teachers that can't speak english or math teachers that have no idea of Algebra. So what are the downsides of this statement and what would be the effects of teachers being more father/mother than teacher?
Of course you have to differ first between subjects that can't be told well to the pupils without someone who's teaching them with accurate knowledge of that subject. Espiacially launguages would be a big problem then. In the scientical subjects like Biology, Geographie, Chemistry etc., someone that can relate well with students would be helpful because you have a books that can teach the subject well enough. 
The pupils would say totaly yes to teachers with more skill in relating with them if I remember hearing some saying:"My teacher is so boring and he's just a teacher and not a human anymore." But there are also phrases like:"My teacher is a english teacher, but can't speak a single word of english." 
So what is better now? The best would be if there would be only teachers with a good amount of relating skills as well as good knowledge of the subjects he needs to teach. But sadly we don't have enough people on the world that would fit in this idea. So what can we do?
A lot of teachers are different when they are at home compared to when they are in school. Mainly because at home it's less stressful and there aren't about 20  nerve racking children that annoy you. And this is the problem where we need to get started in making it better. We can't just produce some good teachers and educators in a machine and often it's not even good if they would be more father/mother as teachers like told above. So we need to make the most out of the options we have. Better conditions for the teachers making them hapier would definetly make the pupils hapier as well, cause their teacher is more relaxed and because of that a better teacherfor them.
So the solution can't be to create teachers that can grow up the children but more to make the relation between the two better with better conditions. 