What makes a good teacher? I'm sure everone who went to school has asked himself this question sooner or later. Everybody had his favourite taecher and some they didn't like at all. But what is it that made those teachers good or bad? Was it rather their ability or disability to relate with the students or was it more a matter of his knowledge of his subject?
If a teacher knows his subject really well but doesn't get when his students don't understand what he's saying all of his knowledge is of no use. Because he just stands in front of the class and tells them something but for the class it's as if he were speaking another language. For example if the math teacher explains his exercieses using terms the students do not know he could also say nothing and it would help them just as much.
Of course the opposite is also not good. If a teacher completely understands where the students weaknesses are but he has the same mistakes, he can't help them either. Students could ask a question and the teacher would understand instantly what is not clear to them. But he couldn't answer the question because he doesn't know the answer.
Of course these are the extremes. It could also be that a teacher is very good in his subject but not that good in explaining and relating with students or he could be pretty good at relating with his students but his knowledge of his subject is not too good. In those cases I think for the students it really matters if they are good in that subject or not. If they are good it doesn't matter too much if the teacher relates well with them or not. Then it is more imprtant if the teacher understands his subject and so can tell the student a lot. If the student is bad at the subject, he will feel more comfortable and motivated if the teacher can relate to him. Because this student will ask more basical questions and even a teacher who doesn't have a big understanding of his subject will be able to answer those questions.
So in the end I wouldn't say one or the other is better. It all depends on wether the student and the teacher match. If they do, they both will like their work and learn a lot from each other. If they don't, the relation will never be really good and their motivation will most likely sink with each week that passes.