A teacher's job is to ascertain that their students understand what they are being taught. There are many different ways a teacher could do this but since every student is and learns different not every method is going to work for everyone. I believe that it is important for a teacher to be able to relate to their students to perfectly teach them the subject. 
One major reason for the importance of a teacher's ability to relate to students is that they know how to make a lesson interesting for them. Those teachers choose themes and excerices in a way to make them fun for the classes, making the students want to attend the class and pay attention. However if a student is bored during class, they are bound to not pay attention and hence not understand anything. From personal experience I can say that I participate and receive way better marks in my English class, where we talk about current and often social media related themes that students can relate to, than in my French class, where the teacher just blatantly tells us about the grammar and makes us study vocabulary.
Another argument for ability to relate to students is that most students are more likely to enjoy classes with a teacher that they like. If students don't like their teacher they are more likely to skip class and therefor not learn anything at all. A teacher who relates to their students is often liked by their classes as students can joke around with them and t. I've had many different teachers and I've noticed that I perform a lot better in subjects where I like the teacher
Lastly, I do see the advantage of a teacher having excellent knowledge of the subject that they teach, as they will be able to answer any questions accurately. But after all, perfect knowledge of something doesn't mean one will be good at explaining and sharing that knowledge. I myself am very good at math and understand it perfectly most of the time. However, explaining it to someone else is a whole different thing that I am not good at at all. Knowledge doesn't equal good teaching skills. 
Over all, I believe that for a teacher to pass on their knowledge of a subject, they need to be able to relate to their students. Obviously, teachers need to have a certain level of knowledge about a subject or they couldn't be teachers but excellent knowledge of a subject doesn't make an excellent teacher. 