I don`t fully agree with the statement above and in the following esay I`m going to explain why and give some arguments.
Of course the relation between teacher and students is very important. The student needs to trust the teacher and also be able to open himself to learn of him. So if there isn`t a good relation between them this isn`t possible. I experienced a bad teacher-student relation myself. It was in primary school and this teacher didn`t make any steps to get closer to us students and to build a better relation. So we of course didn`t realy like this teacher but it wasn`t only that we also somehow didn`t wanted to learn from him and the situation got worse until the teacher left the school. This clearly shows how important it is that the teacher is able to relate well with his students. 
But on the other side there are also the teachers who can relate very well with the students but don`t know their subjet that good. In this case both, the students and the teacher are happy. But this is acctually only in the first view. After a while the parents or even the  students itself realise that they don`t realy learn something. And going to school obviously means to learn something and not just to have a nice time and a teacher who can relate well with his students.
In my school now I have a teacher with whom I can perfeclty discuss the statement. He know everything of his subjet and we see him as a real professor. We acctually like his lessons althouhgt he can`t relate that well with his students. But what makes his lessons good is exactly his huge knowledge about his subjet and his well prepared stuff to teach a good lesson. 
So both of the abilities, beeing able to relate well with students but also have a excellent knowledge of the subjet is important. But in the statement the it says that the teachers ability to relate well with students is more important than the excellent knowledge, and I don`t agree that the relation is more important than the excellent knowledge. A teacher needs both of it but the excellent knowledge is more important for me. Because for me the main point of a teacher is to know his subjet very well and than after that the second point is that he`s able to relate well with the students. 