This statement contains two different aspects of teaching techneques:one techneque is having sympathy and empathy for the students,while the other technique focuses on knowledge.

Being able to relate to students is a very important ability. First of all, if a stundent is going through tough times (emotionally) and the teacher doesn't care at all about the student, the student might feel preassure and is likely to give up faster. The teacher who understands the students suffering, can help and make exeptions for the student. This takes a lot of preassure away and could encourage the student to keep up in school. This would be most likely the case, because the teacher who can relate feels strongly for the students well being. On the other hand, the teachers, whose ability is to relate to students, might tend to delay certain important subjects, which have to be taught in school. Those teachers are so focused on helping the students and might forget what their actual purpose is. The teacher with the techneque to teach only knowledge based is more consequent with teaching the right material.
These two teaching techneaques also have an impact on the students future life. For instance: a student, who only has been taught by a teacher, who can relate, won't probably be able to follow strict rules later on in life, rather the student who has been taught strictly. The empathatic teacher tends to ajust the school material and pace to the students. That can be good, because the teacher is emotionally nearer than the other one, and the students can communicate better. But in life, ajusting rules and pace is luck. Most bosses aren't going to be as supportive, as those kinds of teachers. So it is better for the future, if a teacher only has the function on teaching the correct subjects with exellent knowledge.
Students who take classes from teachers who are consequent on teaching well, can concentrate better and learn more. I've experianced this in my own class. My impression is, that students have more respect for teachers who set themselves on a higher level, than the other one. Because it isn't so personal.

For me personally this statement is very hard to answer. I think both techneues are very important and useful. 
