Is a teacher`s ability to relate well with the students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

Everybody has had teachers in his life. And even tough less people have had the same ones knows everybody different types of teachers. Not many people are stereotyped so heavy like teachers. It exists the cool one, the nice one, the grumpy one, the strange one, the serious one and many more.
Some are not very beloved because of their personalities but are respected for the reason that they make their subject easy to comprehense. Others are beloved because they do not take the rules very seriously and understand the students if they are not motivated or do not understand the topics. 
I have had both kinds of teachers in my life. And I liked all of them. But the teachers who are not the most serious ones are of course always liked. They do not make all the exams before the vacation and if they do the pupils can talk with them and convince them to make it after the vacation break. But the serious ones are always doing the things the way they want it. They have the feeling they would know what is the best for the students. Even if this means to spend millions of hours doing homework and preparing for the next lesson because you can never know may be they are going to make a test.
When you are sitting at home doing tenth consecutive hour of homework of course you think why cannot be all the teachers be so cool to not give you any homeworks. But when you made it and you graduated you know now you are well prepared for whatever comes. But in contrary easy teachers do not just bring advantages when you have to learn all the stuff for the next exam at home because, well you have done absolutely nothing during the lessons. 

So in addition I would say this question cannot be answered with yes or no. Because a teacher who has the broadest knowledge of a subject, but cannot understand the mind setting of the students is equally useless like a teacher who is always busy figgurig out how he can become more beloved by his pupils.
You need a healthy dose of both of this characteristics.