Essay over the most-have abilities of teachers

When a school hires a new teacher, they look at the abilities of a teacher. First of all, as we all would think, they look for excellent knowledge of the teacher. But, as it seems nowadays, schools also look really closely at the teachers ability to relate well with students. But what is more important to the school?
Schools, and with them teachers, have the job to teach the students as much as possible in generall or over a certain subject. To make sure that this is the case, you need to have a teacher, who knows everything about the subjevt, as many people argue. Without the teacher having an excellent knowledge, the teacher wouldn`t able to teach their students well. Critics say, that knowledge alone isn`t nearly enough. More important than knowledge would be the teachers ability to connect to the students and relate well with them. The teacher must be able to know how a student thinks and how it is best for him to learn something. A student is only able to learn something, when he is in a good and respectful athmosphere, otherwise even the greatest knowledge of the teacher wouldn`t be able to go over on the student. Well, schools certainly have their priority on teacher to have an excellent knowledge.
Other arguements for teachers to having to relate well with their students is, that students are only able to learn something, when they like to come to the lesson. This arguement relates more to younger students. But if a student doesn`t enjoy the lesson and the school, he comes in a bad mood, only waites to go home and can`t learn too much. That`s why the teachers should have the ability to relate well with their students. The student must be comfortable, otherwise everything done and thought in school is for nothing.
I personally believe, that a teacher should have the ability to relate well with students. And I can speak out of experience. I once had a math theacher, that good relate very well with our class. Of course, he also had the knowledge, but the lessons were very comfortable and I learned a lot. But then after a year, we got a new math teacher. And this one couldn`t relate and connect with us at all. I believe he really may have had more knowledge than that former teacher, but as he could`t relate with us I and my whole class, we learned nearly nothing. The teacher was just standing in front of our class and spoke and spoke, but we weren`t able to understand nothing he said. After a year with this teacher, we luckily got our old teacher back, and immediately we learned much more and we liked the math lessons again. This story shows, that knowledge alone means anything. The teacher must have the ability to relate well with their students and make their point clear, otherwise you can have as must knowledge as you want and the class won`t learn anything. That`s why I believe that a teacher must have the ability to relate well with their class.