The most students want a good teacher. A good teacher is somebody with them you can have a good connection and he can teach  you things. We all know that this is not always real. Sometimes is the teacher very educated and can teach you many things or not very educated but very nice. The question is what is better.
Firstly to have a good connection with the teacher is important. Then when you do not like the teacher you are almost not very motivated to go to the lessons. Either you like the subject it is important to have a good teacher who can teach it intersesting and can motivate the students. So it is important how the teacher is. It can also happen that students who normally do not like the subject are beginning to like the subeject because the teacher make the lessons very interessting and have a good connection with the student. A good connection with the student can also bring the students to look up to them and listening to the teacher just becuase they like them. 
Secondly do not forget that everybody come to school to learn something. It does not make sense that many people just want a good teacher who understand them, than he must be able to to teach than about this reason is he teacher. He wants to teach others someting. It is not easy all the time that knows everybody but when a teacher always think that the students are poor because they have stress and let them do what they want than this is nor very good. The problem is that the student do not take the the teacher serious. But this is also a problem when he just want that everybody learns his subject and do not care abour the problem from the students. Than he not will become a very sympathice teacher and the students are not intersted on his lessons and do not hear to the teacher. 
In conclusion I want to say my opinion. In fact it is important to have a teacher who has a good connection with the student. But he should be able to do his thing. The students should have respect in front of their teacher. 