We have all been in the following situation. Just after finishing a lesson in school, ones thoughts are already in the next lesson. Either "oh, this teacher is so annoying and bad, I hate these lessons", or " ok next lesson, I am actually looking forward to it, because the teacher is very nice."
It is very hard to find the "perfect teacher", because some are simply too nice and some can't get along with students. So now I will answer the following question: "Is a teacher's ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?"

Of course, in a socially active sitution as a teacher, haveving a good atmosphere in class is important and the contact to the pupils should be well-treated. But let's keep one thing in mind: The whole purpose of school is that we learn new things and can expand our brain's capacity throughout our young lives, to preserve the information saved until the end of our days. If the relation between the students and the teacher is good, that might mean that the lessons may be a bit easier and not that tough, but schol isn't about having it easy, it's aboit learing new things and in general that is only possible if the teacher's knowledge on the topic is excellent. 

But let's take a moment to look at the whole topic from a different point of view. 

The atmosphere is the most important thing in class. If the teacher and the students can cope well with each other, the pupils will visit the class voluntarily and will enjoy classes; this is the most important aim of a teacher. If they do so, they are also more capable of taking up new informations and keeping the in mind. It is a very similar situation as a president. If nobody likes the candidate, but he has an excellent knowledge of many many fields, the population won't vote him and won't like him. On the other hand if there is a candidate whom's knowledge isn't quite perfect and he may not have the best idees concerning every topic, he wil still be elected because the people like him. 

Being a good teacher includes coping well with all kinds of students. In my opinion, the ability of a teacher to relate well with students is more important than an excellent knowledge of the subject, provided the fact that a teacher's knowledge has a high enough quality to be emplloyed as a teacher.

