I partly agree with this statement. This is what makes a good teacher, but he should also know what he teaches. 
On the one hand, he should notice when students are in any way not comfortable during the lesson and be able to react appropliately. Students who feel misunderstood or think they are not taken seriously by the teacher won't be able to concentrate on the subject as much as the others. He shouldn't be annoyed to explain something a couple of times, because in this case, the student is trying to understand. If the teacher doesn't have that in mind, he is not relating with his students and therefore not able to find the right wave-length of communication. There are certain types of teachers who have an enormous knowledge about their subject but obviously didn't plan on becoming a teacher and regret their decision. This is to me some of the worst scenarios in school, because the teacher shows no motivation to teach or explain. Most of them can't understand that someone doesn't understand something he thinks is the easiest thing in the world, and soon the students will lose interest and behave in a rather stubborn way.
On the other hand, a teacher who is completely in harmony with his students but doesn't know his stuff won't help anybody. I think students are able to tell wether a teacher knows something or just tries to avoid the subject and talk about something else. He doesn't have to have a perfect knowledge of the subject, but he should be able to answer the questions that are directly related to the discussion. I think there's no problem with a teacher looking things up for a very specific or complicated question to discuss. Again, if he and the students like and understand each other, the teacher has no problems whatsoever to admit a lack of knowledge. The students will realize he is only human. 
Therefore I think the ability to relate to his students is more important than an excellent knowledge. A teacher should roughly understand what's going on in a student's mind and react to that, but he should also know his subject good enough to explain it properly. 