There is no right answer to this question. I think it is difficult to say that this statement is true or false because you have to relate well with the student so they want to learn the stuff which the teacher have to teache them. Otherwise the teacher should have excellent knowledge of the subject he teachs. If not, he can't relate well with the students when he don't know much about the subject. That means that if the teacher relate well with the students he has fun at work and maybe so do the students, if they notice that the teacher wants to teach them thing and not only because he has to. If the teacher likes his job as a teacher he can motivate the students to learn something. The negative thing about this point is, that if the teacher relates too well with the students they won't respect the teacher and won't listen to him, so they can't learn anything because they see the teacher maybe as a "friend". The positive thing is that the students want to learn something when the teacher relates well with them because the teacher gets the attention of the students and with the right teaching the student will learn quick and get motivated. 
But what if the teacher doesn't have an excellent knowledge of the subject he is teaching? Then it doesn't matter if he relates well with the students if he doesn't know what he has to teach them. He can't teach something he doesn't know much about . So the students won't learn something or just a bit of the stuff they should know in this subject and that's not the point of it. 

My opinion about this statement is devided because it has to be both of them. I think if the teacher loves his job he mostly know everything about the things he teaches the students. He is very motivated and wants to share his knowledge with the students and at this point I think he relates well with the students automatically. What is for sure is that if the teacher doesn't have excellent knowledge of his subject he can't teach it because he don't know much about it. So the students are not going to learn more about it they will just get information they already know. The best thing is, when the teacher relates well with the teachers and know mostly everything of his subject. 