Is it better when a teacher knows how to interact with students than to have an excellent knowledge of the subject he's teaching?

Cons:
The students go to school for learning a high quantity of new things every day. Therefore it is obvious that it is necessary and eccential for them to learn from a teacher that is quite sure in what he's teaching and who can give an answer on every question which comes up in class. If this isn't the case, there is the danger that the students starts to be confused and unmotivated since they dont know how to work without enough informations. 

Pros:
It is obvious and really important for a teacher to know how the material of the subject is working and to be possible to answer to students questions. But there is a an import difference: For a student, it is less efficient to have a teacher which has an immense knowledge of the subject he's teaching about when his message can't arrive to the students in class. For example when he explains on a confusing way or when he's to fast for the most of the students because for himself, the stuff is quite easy and logical but probably not for the rest of the class. If this is the case, which happend frequently, the students would make more profit from a teacher with less knowledge but who knows how to relate well with students so that they are motivated and not confused. There is probably no impact on their learning progress just because the teacher's less knowledge, if it isn't insuffiecient. 

My own opinion:
For me it is quite essential if the teachers knows how to work with students. If there is a relation between that what the the teacher explains and that what the students can take off the class would make a well progress during a couple of years. When the teacher knows how to relate well with students he also can find out which are the troubles of an indiviual or the whole class and then he can to dive more into this part of the subject. A teacher which just want's to have a fast progress would in my eyes never see the same results than a teacher which have the better feeling for the class and their working progress.   