"Young children should play outside more often" that is sentence every child has heard a lot of times in her or his young years, but why should they play outside?

Now a days a television and the outraging development of the technology is very normal to the young generation and there parent generation. The only generation is the elders generation whom are not used to technology at all. There are a few ones that do not have a probleme with the change but the most do. So the snetence above is mostly to hear form the older generation.  
The children should be allowed to watch television and use all the technology the presnt has to offer because we are living in a constant development of technology and in the future there will be more of that. Some say that it is all going to be compromized and going to be technical. 
The only thing parents could do is to set a limit of TV watching for there children so they can be social and hang out with there friends. actually that is a thing that every child is going to do in that young age they are going to the kindergarden or to a kita and will only be watching TV in the mo0ments when they are at home. As you can see there are a lot of times where they do not have time watch TV so they shopuld have a time where they are allowed to watch there series or there favorite movie. That is what makes the children happy now a days. 
Furthermore more many child series and movies on TV teach many life lessons so that the children will be prepared for life and their social life. For example Dora or other Series there are some Episodes where they solve math problemes, teach you how to deal with strangers or hoe to treat your friends. 
Fact is that the series that they watch on TV prepare for school.
The only thing that could be held against that statement is that there are not only children series on TV but also horror movies and other bad stuff that children at that age should not watch. For that parents can just install a code for those channels so the children will not have a chance to watch these. Also to hold against the argument that children that watch TV are not interfering with there family anymore, the parents could watch the sereies with them and make a game out of it so they will make TV watching a family activity.

In the end I can only say that television is a big part of our lifes now a days and that children in the age 2-5 must be allowed to interfier with that. In the future there will be more and more technology and we can not forbidm the children to not live that life.