
I agree mostly with the argument. Theres a number of reasons why I do, based on personal experience.
Whilst my " school career" I've had many diffrent teachers, some of them better than others. Some of them were extremely intelligent others just had a great personality which made their lessons enjoyable.
But what are things that actually make a teacher a "good" teacher?

First of all I think its extremely important that a teacher has the ability to understand the students and acutally relate with them, because if that isn't the case, there won't be a healthy relation between students and teacher, which damages the whole process of learning.
When a teacher is able to feel and see the issues or understand what the students like and what the don't like, he is able to face those issues, might be able to solve them and is also able to work togheter with the students and overcome the barrier between students and teacher.
Plus when a teacher is trying to connect with the students and theirs a friendly relation between them, the lessons will be more enjoyable for both of them, and it's obvious that people can learn alot better and with more enthusiasm, if they enjoy what they are doing. 

Now obviously relating is one thing, but you have to have a good knowledge to actually be able to explain things nicely so that even complex things can be teached in an easier way. If that's not the case, first of all the students will get bored because they don't understand what the teacher is trying to tell or teach them, and that causes them to be worse in the subject than in others, which makes it stressful to get good marks and if they receive a bad mark, the clima in the lessons will be worse and worse and the students will beginn to dislike the lessons. 
And if the teacher seems to be uneducated the students themselfs won't be able to accept his authority and or also won't be able to have a good knowledge in the subject.

So to conclude my text, I would say it obviously needs a bit of both to make someone a good teacher. Even though the reasons for being able to relate overweight the others in my opinion, because no matter how educated a teacher is, if he isn't able to make a connection with the students and is socialy awkward the students won't accept his authority and won't be able to feel "understood" or learn the same way they would as if someone they like teaches them something.

