"Somebody who stops getting better, has stopped being good." This phrase shows the most important job of a teacher, teaching. But is there a perfect way to teach, does this exist? In my opinion, it's really dificult to define a perfect teacher. But a fact is, that it's their job to represent their knowledge and give it to the next generation. But what would you prefer: a teacher who is miserable in relating with his kids, but still is super talented in his topic, or a teacher who might not know every little detail, but still searches the contact with his students? I guess the contact to the plenum is absolutely essential. Because if a teacher won't care about the misunderstandings or problems that his students are dealing with, how are they supposed to achieve a good mark? Talking about marks, it's the teacher himself who is correcting his exams and deciding how well it was being solved. So theres no possibility that children with a nice and symapthic teacher will have worse grades, because the teacher won't know much more than they'll write. But if we look at this question in a diferent way, there's one point, where an open-minded teacher differes in a bad aspect from a smart one. It's the part about his knowledge. If you as a student would like to study biology for example, and your teacher is great, and knows everything by heart, your chances to be well prepared for the following years are weigh better, than with a nice guy standing in front of his class. But what if a person doesn't know yet what her interests are? Then, the only thing they need is motivation. And how do you get motivated and super excited about a subjebct? Right, by joining and enjoying the positive energy of a great and happy teacher, who you, somehow, feel related to.
Thus I think there's no answer to this question, because everybody's intention and needs are relative. For focused, concentrated students, there would fit a teacher who can spread around his knowledge like a wet dog is spreading his water away. But if you still don't know how your future will be rising, you'll be in need of a motivated, caring teacher, who tries to share his ambition to the topic. But in theend sharing is caring.