Teachers are trusted with a very important time in our lifes: Our education. The level of our education is the clicking point to determine wether we become a doctor or a plumber for example. And of course it's in our hands to decide how much we actually want to study and if it is really necessary to go the university or even high school, but we can not decide what we are taught and by whom. So if we decide for ourselves that we want to get the highest education we can get, we still rely on having teachers that can teach us the highest possible education. Studies show that it's easier for students to pick up new things they are taught if they feel comfortable. But what's more important? That you feel comfortable in your class and understood by your teacher, or that you are being taught by a teacher who knows his subject like his vest?

If you come to class with a teacher that is eager to teach you his subject in a way that you might still have fun, you possibly are in a happier state of mind. Which may lead to the abilityof picking up more that you see or hear in his lessons, because you're more open minded. Positive energy in a classroom is very important and inevitable for students to learn.
On the other hand, if you want to learn, it doesn't matter if your teacher can relate with you; It's only important that he can teach you everything he knows to make sure that you meet the recquired level of education at the end of the semester. 
Being able to relate with your students isn't naturally correlated with not knowing enough of the subject you're teaching. But I think that it's more important to have excellent knowledge than wanting to bond with your students. They can make friends outside the classroom and go out with them, but in school they are meant to learn new things. And the ones responsible for that are the teachers.

So if a teacher has superior knowledge he can teach his students and is still able to make his class 'fun' and enjoyable, that's the perfect match. But I would rather employ someone with excellent knowledge who can prepare the students for every following level of education, than someone the students might like but doesn't have the recquired knowledge they need to be taught. 
School is a professional environment in which you are to get education that makes you fulfill all your aspirations in life. Bonding with the teacher may not be it.