Good and positive connections between students and their teachers are very important. It is logical that if there is a positive atmosphere in the classroom the students feel better. It could be that they can concentrate better and also get better marks. They could be more motivated to learn the subject if the teacher is nice and shows effort to teach properly. If the connection between the students and the teacher is good, school maybe would not feel that boring for some of the students. Normally when the students have a great relationship with their teachers they are so much more excited to learn the things they should.

 If you are a teacher you have to know a lot about your subject. In most cases there are not teachers who have no idea about what they are teaching the students. So the students would still learn and not only have fun.
On the other hand an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is quite important. As a teacher you should have a degree and enough knowledge to teach the class without any help on the computer or notes. If the teachers have an excellent knowledge the students can profite and ask everything they want if they do not understand something. 

 But it also depends in which schoolyear or level you are. If you are a teacher in primary school you should have an excellent knowledge about the subject your teaching. But this should not be difficult because they have to teach very easy things.In highschool, college  or even university the teachers should also have a big knowledge about what they are teaching. But in this case it does not have to be excellent because the subjects are a lot more difficult. But also here it is hard to say because teachers from college or highschool need to have a better degree than primaryschool teachers. 

For me both points are important. I am a lot more motivated when I like my teachers and when the connection between us is positve. Normallally when teachers relate well with students they show more effort to make the lessons more enjoyable. For example they show a lot of movies or they play games (especially language teachers). In this case it could be that you learn a lot or either nothing. Maybe the movies help to understand or they help for nothing. It really depends on the teacher. You can have one who has an excellent knowledge about the subject but he can not teach it so the students understand it. It can also be that the teacher is super clever and has a good relationship with the students with the students and teachs great. 
 
I think the teachers ability to relate well with students is important but not more important then the teachers knowledge. Like I said both things are important for the students to pass their school years in a good way.