In our country every single person was at least nine years in a official school. The goal of the school is, to prepare the childrens for the normal life outside. To reach this goal there have to be teachers who teach the students. There are so many diffrent ways to do this, but is it better to relate with the students or to have an excellent knowledge and teach this to your students.

Well first of all its's important, that the students like their school. They will automaticly learn more if the relation with the teacher is good. The students will be more interested and also be more motivated if the love the thing, they do.

But if the relation is to good they don't accept the teacher anymore. The childrens, with zero life experience don't know how to act right and they won't learn something. It's important, that the teacher is a harsh person but have an excellent knowledge. Withe the settings students will learn many things.

The problem of a teacher with an excellent knowledge is, that their way of teaching is boring. In the lessons they just talk about facst and make the lessons boring. If the way to teach is very soft, the students will appriciate that an listen very carfuly during the lesson

Also we have to look at the point that an excellent knowledge can prepare the students for their life after school. The workink world is't as soft as the school and you have also the know many things. You had a nice schooltime if your teacher always was nice to you, but a boss want's to have workers with an excellent knowledge.

I think it's important to have fun in school. First of all the young students are childrens. But if the teacher don't teach important things the students will be lost in their later life. So my opinion is, that a teacher should have a good relatoinship with their students, but should also look, that the students resoect them. I think with this mix we can find the perfect teacher. So the teacher shouldn't be to harsh but also teach their students knowledge.