The best teacher

What makes a good teacher is debadable. Wether the teacher is an expert in his subject or a very relatable person, both ways there are disadvantages as also advantages of course.

Starting off with the expert. If the teacher has very good and wide knockledge about the things he talks about it is much more interesting to have discussions with him. Because he knows details, which might not every other teacher know, he is able to discuss on a deeper level in class. His wide knockledge might also give more confidence and a teacher who is self-confident really makes a better impression and is taken much more serious from his students than otherwise. On the other hand, if you do not know how to relate to your students the structure of a classic student-teacher-relationship is omnipresent. This means that the student and teacher are more apart from eachother in a metaphysical way, the whole situation gets more impersonal.

That's where the teacher who can relate to the students comes in. If a teacher is not having an excellent knowledge about his subject but is able to kind of connect with the students gives him a much higher sypmpathy than students have for a teacher who is not able to relate to them. The discussions might not be as deep as with the expert and in some cases the teacher might also say, that he does not know the anser to that question, simply because he does not know. But still, the basic themes can be taught and since the teacher is appreciated by his students it is very likely that the students pay more attention during the lesson and are more willing to cooperate with the teacher, just because the classic and distanced student-teacher-relationship is more personal.

In my opinion the best teacher is a mix of both types, I like interesting discussions as much as I have a good and solid relationship with my teacher. But if I had to choose, I would go for the teacher with the ability to realte to his students. It motivates the students and helps for a good atmosphere, so everyone can approve out of that situation.   
