The statement in question treats an important issue concerning education. Education itself is a burning issue right now, especially here in the Canton of Aargau as the state wants to cut funds for it.
So, if they cut the amount of money they want to spend on our education we have to make sure that the  how we are taught if very efficient. Is it more useful for us if a teacher knows every little detail of the subject but doesn't manage to deliver us his or her knowledge or is it better if the techer is on the same wavelenght as the students but can't answer additional questions or explain an issue from different aspects?

In fact, the best would be if the teacher has both abilities or skills. I want to argument based on two examples, since I'm making experience at my school with both types of teachers.

Geography is a subject where we knew little about it at the beginning. The teacher had to form a basic knowledge at first which he could build up on, later on. It was not easy to create good lessons because we students had no relation to the topics, then. Although, exactly this would have been the solution and right way. The teacher should have let us evolve a relation to this subject by showing and sharing his passion with us. Unfortunately, we've only got boring, dry information in form of texts. Thus, I've never managed to find a personal interest toward geography.

Biology on the other hand is different. I had already learnt the basics in the former school and was ready to widen my knowlegde based on the things I've already knwon when I came to secondary school. It was at the former school where the teacher didn't know everything and tried to waken my interest for biology. It was like I have been stimulated and wanted to satisfy my hunger of knowledge concerning biology. The situation was perfect because we were about to treat quite the same topics as at the former school so I thougth that I'll get to know everything in more detail. Wrong. The teacher is funny and tries to make interesting lessons but is not able to feed me with details. It's not necessary anymore to keep the frame interesting because I am already interested.

Another aspect to be considered is the aim of a student. Does he want to get good grades or does he want to evolve a broad knowledge? I claim it's easier to write good grades with a teacher that doesn't know everything and relates well with the students. Such a teacher delivers exactly this information he knows and the students are able to find out how the teacher works, like what he expects at an exam. So, you'll sit great tests but your actual knowledge is restricted.
The other way round you never know what expects you at an exam because the teacher know too much and expects you as well to know everything. But, if you have questions he's able to answer them and make sure that you understand it.
In my opinion, a grade says nothing about how familiar you are with a topic, it only shows how well you understand the thinking of your teacher. And for me it is far more important that I know for myself what I am capable of and not what my teacher thinks. 

Conclusively, I come up to the answer that it depends which skill is more vital. They are like different tools a teacher has to know how to use them. Either a teacher has to attract and gain the attention of a student or he has  to widen the horizion of the student's knowledge. It's also a question of what a student wants.     