Teachers are always expected to know everything about their subject, especially here in Switzerland, where the education system is really well developed. Even the students think the teachers should know the anwer to every single question. But it's also heard a lot that teachers should be able to relate well with their class, so they can understand them better or be there when there's any problem. 
However, what is more important to teaching?

On one side, there are a lot of teachers here at our school who are able to connect really well with the students. They are people who one would adress if there were questions or even personal issues. Because everyone faces some problems one day, it feels good to know that there are grown-ups nearby who are really there for you and support you. There's one big risk to this namely that the teacher may not be seen as a person standing above you. The students are inclined to not take the teacher serious anymore since they might see them as collegues rather than people they should respect and listen to.

On the other side, there's also the opposite, teachers who really seem to know and have seen everything. It's awesome to be teached by someone like this since you really learn something and you get that they actually want you to understand their subject. The downside here is that you kind of get the feeling they are emotionally far away. Even if you do like them and their lessons you would never tell them something personal or ask for help, simply because they don't seem to have any interest in you.

Finally, I would say that a good mixture would be the best for students, but I think that knowing everything or at least nearly everything about their subject is a bit more important for teachers than being able to relate with their classes, simply because if you visit a good structured and high developed school like ours, you and also your parents excpect yourself and your teachers to prepare you for the matura and also for the life that follows. So, I'm rather interested in learning from my teachers than being fully understood, since I have friends and family for that last part.
