In our school we have many well-educated teachers. They went to the university and studied for about six years. They have a excellent knowledge of their subject. But what is about the relation between the teachers and students? We all know many teachers who are well-educated and have a big knowledge but the students do not like his lessons, the way he treat the students and in the end all students are bad in the test. That's why a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

In the beginning I wanted to say that the psychological aspect is very important to learn something. It is very important that you have a good relationship between yourself and the subject. The teacher have to take the responsability of that. He has to motivate the students and help them in every situation. If the relationship between the students and the teacher is good, students are learning better. In addition to that, it is very important that the students like the subject. If you like something you can learn it better. And if you have a good relationship to the teacher, you will probably like the subject more than if you do not like the subejct. Eventually  the learning process will be better if the relationsship in good between you and your teacher. So I can say, that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

In the other hand the knowledge is very important. He has to be capable to teach the students. A teacher is automatically a rolemodel. This is the reason why teachers have to have a excellent knowledge so the students want to achieve the same with their education. We are not allowed to forget that students go to school to learn something and not to make friends with their teachers.

In the end i will summarise the essay. It is very important that a teacher treat the students right. He is a big factor how good a student will learn something. But on the other side a teacher is a rolemodel for the students so he has to have a excellent knowledge. In my opinion both sides are important. We have to connect both ideas. The best situation were, if the teacher has a excellent knnowledge and knows exactly how he has to teach the students that they have a good relationship and the students learn a lot.