In my opinion, students can learn better/ more with a teacher who relates well with his students than an exellent knowledge of his subjects. I think that, when a teacher does not relate well to his students, the class is not motivated at all to learn or to study. The students do basically what they want. My personal experience at Kantonsschule Wettingen with a teacher that I do not want to name in this document, I can state out of my own expierience, that a teacher who is excellent on his subjects, but cannot handle at class, is a teacher where one barely learns anything.
On the other hand I have had this maths teacher during my exchange in England. After class I went to him and asked him about a proof that I have found on the internet, and the way he tried me to explain, that, what I have said was wrong and those proofs cannot be trusted all the time, he even told me about his nephew who proofed him that one equals zero, and, when he showed me the proof I clearly saw that once he divided by zero, which, in maths, is not allowed, I recognized that he was not fully understanding his subject. But I was very impressed about his way of teaching, I literally learned so much in his classes. He just knew about the parts of his subject that was in the curriculum, but, because of his good relation with his students, he managed to teach the necessary really well.
Also, a teacher has the ability to relate well with his students is most of the time fully accepted and liked by them, They enjoy his classes more than they would with teachers without this ability, and when someone enjoys classes he learns more than from classes he does not like, despite the the teacher's excllent. A teacher who cannot well with students is also not respected by them, and most of the time, they say bad things behind his back. This leads to students most of the time not enjoying his class, and that leads to the students learning less.

In conclusion, it is in my opinion better for a teacher to relate well with his students instead of having an excellent knowle