Essay "Teachers"

This scentens is a very interessting one because everybody would say something different that the person before him or her and would arrgue with other arguments. 

So firstly i will come to the arguments that speak for this scentens. Everybody of us was in school and just can remeber about the best and the worsest teacher, right? So when you think back at this time after you got up very early in the morning, had breakfast and got to school and you had in your first lesson your favorit teacher then the day was a little brighter than it was before this thought and you were really lokking foreward to this lesson, you imagined the subject you had in the moment and were well prepared and had done you homework. so you get in in the room of your teacher, during the whole lesson you are active and really listen to what he says. So then after the lesson and you come out of the room you can really imagine the whole lesson once again and you know everything the teacher wanted to teach you. But in the second lesson you have the worsest teacher you know on this planet so you mood is really bad also before this lesson. In the lesson you don't hear what the teacher is saying instead of listening you look through instead of listening you looking through the windows or paint something. So then when you get out of this lesson you can't remember anything even if this teacher is the most intelligent one or knows the most about his topic.

Now i come to the argument that speaks agains this scentens. In the end a teacher has to teach you as much as he can because after this school you go to the next school or you get your first job. In both points you have to be well preapred for this new step and the school that you are in is just there to prepare you as good as it can for this next step. So a teacher that doesn't know that much about a topic than another one can't prepare you that good as the other teacher could so in fact of this it doesn't matter if you like your teacher or not then in the next school or in your job nobody cares about if you liked yyour teacher or not they just care about if you know all the things you have to know or not and if know know more than you should. 

So in my opinion both of these things are important. As a teacher you have to know as much as you can about the topic to pepare the students well for that that is coming but it is much easier to reach the stundents if they like you than if they don't. But both, the teacher and the student, are responsible for that they give the best they can. So the student has to respect his teacher and has to participate during the lesson, has to get some notes and has to listen to the person that stand in front and tries to teach something. Also the teacher has to give his best so he has to prepare the lessons, get some structure in them and has to look that he knows a lot about the topic of the lesson. He also has to look that he can really communicate with his stundents and when he got some negative feedback he has to look if he is able to do it better. So a good teacher is a mix of a person that has a excellent knowledge and a person can relate with his student.