It certainly is very important that a teacher understands his students, so that a bond between students and teachers can be formed. The teacher definitely has to be able to motivate and encourage his students to learn and study, making school a fun and likeable work environment. But is this really more important than knowing the subject being taught? Can education be put at risk for good relationships between teacher and students?

First of all, a teacher does not have to be a machine which simply spits out all the important information. He needy to have enough social skills to get along well with his students, while still keeping a certain amount of authority and respect.

Second of all, children are sent to school to acquire a good amount of general knowledge. This is why they are attending different subjects, to discover a variety of things. To be able to soak up this knowledge, students need to have a qualified teacher who knows his or her subject. It does not help children when their mathteacher is an incredibly likeable peron, if they can not multiply at the time of their graduation.

In addition, students are forced to spend a lot of their childhood and teen years in classrooms. It is beneficial, when they are interested in the class they are taking. Certain students and their parents will be mad, when they realise that their teacher is unable to provide them with the necessary information and knowledge, since they start to believe that they are wasting their time. This could be a major problem especially with highly intelligent kids, as they want to learn something badly. A teacher can not motivate students who are interested in a subject, if he does not have the required knowledge to keep them captivated. No matter how perfectly he relates to them.

To sum up the points mentioned above, I firmly believe that relating to one's students is important but definitely not more important than excellent knowledge of one's subject. We need qualified people to bring up more qualified people. I think it is safe to say that a good teacher should be able to do both, realte to his students and know his subject perfectly. 