Good teachers are very important in order to give education to the youngest members of our society, that are our future one day. Which qualities a teacher should have is a much debated topic. What is more important, the ability to relate well with students, or the excellent knowledge of the subject? 

It is very important to be able to relate with your students as a teacher. You have to try to be able to look at knowledge, a problem and even the world with their eyes. This in order to understand what they might not understand or what could trouble them at their stage in life, so that they can't do a kind of exercise too well. 
If the understanding is there, the teacher can then try to combine his understanding of the students situation with his own view of things and try to find a way to make for example the art of interpretation accessible to a student.

Furthermore if students are still in primary school, disabled or have serious problems, this is the one thing that is key in order to teach them. They don't need the deep knowledge of a teacher. What they need are teachers that can find just the right manners to make them understand and learn things. Therefore the teacher needs in this case a deep understanding for a publis situation and abilities and has to be able to relate to the student.

On the other hand, if talking about grammer schools or even universities other things are important. Suddenly there are students that might excel at a subject and have a great interest in it. In oder to satisfy the needs of such a student, it is very important that a teacher has excellent knowledge of a subject. It is not enought for a teacher to know his subject on the surface. At this level it is necessary to know more, even more than you might have to teach, but that as a teacher you get all the connections of your field in oder to be a good example for your students and awaken also their love for a certain subject and give the students glimpses of what else they might discover if they studied this subject even further.

To conclude this essay with my own opinion, I have to say, that I don't agree with the statement and that the both, the quality to relate and the excellent knowledge are equally important. The best teachers at any kind of educational institution, have both qualities.
As it has been argued, it depends greatly on what stage in life one is in or what one's abilites are as to weather it is more imporant if a teacher has more of that or the other. However it should be the aim of teachers to always have the most of both qualities.

