"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." That's what the statement says, but is this really true? The following text will give you more information about this subject.

A lot of teachers have a good bond with their students. That's very important because when the students like their teacher they will listen a lot better, and also participate a lot more. Like that, the class gets very lively and it never gets boring. They will also like the subject more and even enjoy learning. For example you have a really good biology teacher who can relate with all the students, you will listen more and then you don't have to spend hours at home learning boring stuff, because you just listened in class. It's also good for students who have problems in their private life, because a teacher is an authority person for them and when he's very kind, it'll be a lot easier for these students to go and talk with him about their problems because they can really trust him and like that he can help them. On the other hand there's always a risk in not having excellent knowledge because when the teacher doesn't exactly know what he's teaching he could give false information and the students will learn wrong things. For example students have an english lesson and they really like the teacher and also enjoy his class, but then the teacher just says something he isn't hundert percent sure about and then the students learn false things. This may not do any harm in his class, because the exams are based on those informations but it can have drastic consequences in their future life, because when they want to study and have to do an exam to get in, the won't pass because of the wrong knowledge.

To sum up, I think that excellent knowledge is better than a good relation with the students, because when you teach it right and when the teacher is strict, also then the students will listen and learn a lot and it's better for their future.