A teacher is here to teach - but how exactly? Teaching methods can differ strongly from one another. A teacher that can relate well with the students and is very nice to them is more likable than a strict one that teaches alot of things that are difficult. Students will have more fun during the lessons with a nice teacher, and they would also write better marks, when they like the subject more. Secondly, a nice teacher that can relate well also does not overload the students with homework and learning material for the exams because he knows, what a hard time the students have among all these subjects and little leisure time. If a student has difficulties in the subject, which is being teached by this teacher, he would try to explain the things better in a nice way that the student does not feel bad, rather than picking on him and tearing him down. Furthermore, such a teacher also tries to do the lessons interesting and does not yell at the students when they are doing something wrong. 
On the other hand, such a teacher does not have to be the best solution, because he may not have the best knowledge of the subject that he teaches. That means that the students do not have such a good knowledge afterwards, like others do. A teacher with excellent knowledge  can provide that knowledge far better than a regular teacher, and has got better explaining abilities. Students that like to work strictly but struggle with understanding something, would be better off with this kind of teacher, because with his knowledge he can make something more understandable by explaining it in a good way. 
But there is also another side to it - these kinds of teachers tend to be strict and can`t relate well with the students. The exams would also be alot harder and the students might have difficulties to write good marks. The teacher may also be socially awkward, which makes him not a likable teacher for some students at all.

In conclusion, I think that a teacher should be a good mixture between these two traits - excellent knowledge and the ability to relate well with the students. If a teacher is balanced out, his lessons are also going to be structured but fun, and he provides just the right amount of knowledge of the subject, so that the students are not overload, but know enough about the subjects and the things, they are being taught. If they do not feel well, he can always be a person to talk to.     