In school, there are two sides: teachers and students. One side is present to transfer knowledge, and to inlighten and educate a new generation of growing human beings. The other side is here to learn, and be leaded to be successfull adults in society and in the professional world. But is there really one single way, a sort of masterplan, to be successfull or does the opinions and the thoughts of the indiviual students matter more than the excellent knowledge tzhey all try to achieve? In my opinion school is where students receive a social education in the first place. The academical education is still important, of course, but not as much as the social one. In fact we spend the entire day with people having the same age and with adults that we need to treat with respect. This is the same structure then it is in companys nowadays. You have a boss, and you only get paid if you do the work that he or she demands you to. Concerning this topic, I think that it's right that the excellent learning tries to get achieved, so that this more strict way of education allows inderectly to teach respect and accomodation to a "higher" person. On the other hand, what would our society be if everyone was the same, had the same opinion and everyone just has the excellent kowledge. I think that this type of education can quickly diminish creativity, curiosity and diversity. It would definetly harm artists, ingeners, musicians of the future etc. if they  craved that perfect knowledge in school. I also think that learning does not just happens from one side to the other, but that teachers also can learn a lot from teenagers or even the kids. And to make it clear social education, the ability to understand and to try to relate to another human being is way more imortant than to be able to calculate in how much time a bacteria cultivation would have doubled in its size. But on the other hand if for example you want to do some research concerning bacterias, it is still important to be able to calculate this. This shows us that for a society that can be social, where people can communicate and understand eachother but also were people are educated and can be successfull and progress in research and the economy, we have to find a healthy balance between teachers relating to their students and excellent knowledge being taught.