There are many teachers who are renowned for being very popular among students, but who don't always do the best job of teaching. They always relate well with their pupils but aren't always very good at expanding their knowledge, simply because their own knowledge of their subject is not up to the standard it should be. Thus, they are equally often complained about as teachers who only stand at the front of the class, monotonously reciting their lessons.
A teacher's job is to impart knowledge to their students. In order to do this, they need to be able to understand their pupils well. They need to be able to find the best possible way to get their message across and make their pupils understand what they are teaching them. Everybody knows that there is no point in simply reciting facts and numbers, trying to get a class of schoolchildren to understand a subject that they are not interested in. Similarly, a teacher using far too complicated topics as part of their lessons only confuses their pupils and makes their subject harder to understand.
However, is the ability to relate to students and teach in a way that fully engages them really more important than having the required knowledge in the first place? If students do not understand something during a lesson, they ask their teacher. Yet if the teacher only knows enough about their subject to repeat what they said in the lesson, the students' comprehension of the subject will not increase. If the teacher is well-versed in the subject, they will be able to give the student a different explanation - this time one that is easier to grasp. Even if the teacher cannot relate well to their students, they can still give various explanations that, in the end, everybody will understand. For this to be possible, however, the teacher needs to know practically everything about the topics they teach.
In conclusion, the ability to relate with students is definitely important for a teacher, but it is much more important for them to have as broad knowledge of their subject as possible. For that reason, I disagree with the statement.