A teacher should be somebody who is able to relate with students and should have an excellent knowledge of the subject but the relating is more important than the knowledge.
There are several studies that show that children learn better when they have a good relation to the teacher. It is only natural that a child can listen and keep new knowledge better if it likes the teacher. I have a little sister and she has two different teachers in primary school and one is much better in relating with the children. My sister learns much better the things that the first teacher is teaching even if both of them have approximately the same knowledge about the subjects.
In contrast to that we could say that the interest in a subject is enough and if the tacher has an excellent knowledge thats enough. For certain children that can be true if they ar very interested in something but for the most it is more important that the teacher is nice and respectful and seems to like them. Because with this condition they can relax and are open for new things to learn. If I don't feel confortable in classes I can't learn that much and if I do it helps me a lot to understand things.
Furthermore it is also very important that there is a certain sympathy to the teacher because then the excitement can reach the children and they definitely learn better.
An other argument against the importance of the abiity to relate with students is that he or she isn't a good teacher if he or she doesn't have excellent knowledge about the subject he/she is teaching. That's partly true, because it's better if he/she knows everything about a subject but if he/she can't relate to the students they won't learn that much as if they would really like the teacher.
Often is there also a problem with teachers that have an excellent knowledge but just not the ability to explain it and to teach it.
A teachers task until the 9th class in my opinion has also kind of the function of a person that the students look up to and if they relate well with the students they can reach them better and perhaps also help them if it is necessary.
In conclusion I would say that it is more important that there is a good relation between the teacher and the students than that the teacher has an excellent knowledge about the subject he is teaching. 
