Every student confronts all sorts of people with totally different jobs. One sort although is, one might say, a part of their early life and thus their education. What I'm referring to is people who teach us, students, basic knowledge for our future career. They are people who students see everday and learn from what they're going to need later on. As a matter of fact, every student has his favourite teacher in school. Sometimes it is all about one teacher or maybe more. However, what those teachers mostly have in common is their ability to teach well. But what does that mean exactly? It is the abilty to relate well with their students and teach his subject in a wide spectrum in a way students understand. 

Students deserve to have a good time during their school time. One factor that can garantuee a fun time for the students is, according to me, a good relation with the teacher. Since it is a person whom the students encounter everyday, a good relationship between the student and a teacher is indispensable. Also the fact that a student ought to learn how to communicate and socialize with an adult makes it an important factor. 
Secondly, when it comes to the teacher himself, it is also more fun for the teachers to work with students who show their sympathy and kindness against the teacher. This way, the process of transmitting knowledge from teacher to student gets way more easy as a human-being is more likely to do something if it satisfies it. Thus, a good relationship between teacher and student makes the process easier and more fun.

On the other hand, one could say that a teacher's task only consists of teaching the students what he has learned in all his years. So, automatically, a good relationship between teacher and student would not matter at all. 
Additionally, an excellent knowledge nowadays is needed to expand a student's possibilities.

All in all, I'd say that I agree to the statement as a good relationship to my teachers is very importand and the fact that my teachers are really good teachers makes it clear. 