Is it true, that a teachers ability to relate well with his students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject beeing taught?

It is very important that the students like teihr teacher. If they have a good connection to eachother the students will believe the teacher much more and they are also motivated to learn. Furthermore they will give the teacher more attention, because if you like somebody you want to listen to what he or she is saying. Another important point is, that if the students are not afraid of the teacher, they will also be encouraged to ask more question if they did not understand something.

On the other hand, if the teacher does not understand his subject well enough, he is not able to answer the students questions, even if they are encouraged to ask their questions. Also what is the point if the students are paying attention because they like their teacher, but the teacher can not tell the students specific information because he has not an excellent knowledge in his subject. If the teacher knows everything about his subject, he can tell and also explain his students the whole subject without problems. He can also answer every question about his subject because he has the answer in his brilliant knowledge.

All things considered, there are some good arguments for a teacher who's ability to relate well with students is very good but also for a teacher with an excellent knowledge. In my opinion, it is important to have a teacher who can do both. The perfect teacher is able to have a very big knowledge about his subject and relate with his students very well. Of course in reality this is often not possible, so teachers should be somewhere in between. It is important that the students are not afraid to talk with the teacher, but it is also necessary that he knows many things about his subject. If you have to distinguish between a teacher with an excellent knowledge and a teacher who can relate well with his students, i would prefer the one with the knowledge because it makes no sense to hire a teacher without a good knowledge, just because the students like him. But it depends on the age of the students. For example in primary school the teacher does not need to have an excellent knowledge. It is more important than he can relate well with the young students and motivate them for school. But here at the KSBG it is very important that the teacher knows about what he is talking.