When a new subject is being introduced in a lesson, you have to take notes on the facts the teacher is talking about. You try to understand what is being said as soon as possible in order to follow the lesson later on. If a teacher has no knowledge about the things he is talking about no one will understand and it does not matter if he relates well with his students. Whereas if the teacher only states the facts and can not understand that something might cause any problems, the students will not understand the concepts either. 

On the one hand understanding a student`s thoughts and what might be going on in their head is very helpful for the class. Everyone will learn more and complicated subjects might become clearer. Also if a pupil`s question is answered in a way he understands, he will probably like the teacher and think he is competent even though the teacher might not know all facts and has to look up certain things to answer correctly.

On the other hand if a teacher just relays the facts of something and ignores comprehension questions of the class, the students will have all the facts written down without actually understanding them. Their test results are usually bad and the students are called lazy for not studying enough. Furthermore knowing everything and maybe even trying to teach it in an understandable way, interacting with students and trying to help them by just spouting more facts and not putting yourself in your pupil`s position usually does not work either. Many students are quite stubborn and if they have enough because they are not being understood then they will just stop trying.

To sum up even if a teacher`s knowledge is immense, it does not make a different to students who do not understand what he is talking about. In my opinion a teacher has to understand a class and be able to relate to them or else all his knowledge is wasted. Explaining this in a easily comprehensible way with simple words is better than spouting facts that do not interest anybody. Teachers are teachers, they should teach you and not lecture you. 