In this essay the contraverse if teachers should be nice people or if they only have to be experts of their subject is discussed.

Teachers have a lot of influence on their students especially when the children are still very young. When a child goes to school its first time it's very important that the teacher is nice and motivating. A teacher in a primary school should love teaching sweet little kids. Children who had a good start in school will like school more and longer than children with a mean teacher. They will get disturbed and hate school from the beginning to the end. And after that with all these bad experiences in school they will also tell their children how terrible the school was and is. So the children of the bad-taught children will hate school even before it has started! Only a very qualificated and good teacher could repair this "desease" then.

But all this was mainly concentrated on the primary classes. Because in the secondary classes the knowledge of the subject becomes more important. School is here for that the people know a lot of things afterwards. So it's not very useful to have a community in which all people had beed taught by very kind teachers but nobody knows anything about any subject. When the interest in school was awoken once the students want to know a lot of things. The teacher should be able to teach them these things. Education is here that people gain knowledge and become scientists, teachers, workers, parents and so on. School is here that we become more mature and educated.

In conclusion, all teachers should know a lot of their subject so that they can really teach their students something they need to know. But they shouldn't forget to be humans too! Only because they are teachers they shouldn't be mean or bad people. For a good education both is needed, a good personality of the teacher, the ability to understand young people and the knowledge of the subject. Both things have to be in balance. Then a teacher isn't just a teacher, then it's a good and golden teacher!!! I'm happy to have some of them too.