Why would you want to become a teacher? Because you want to have a good relationship with your students? Or do you just want to teach them something? Don't you just want to learn something as a student? Or is the realtionship and the atmosphere of higher importance?

The ability to relate well with students is of course very important. Because it's easier for the teacher if he understands the arguments or problems of the students and then can adjust to them. Also a side effect of this is that the students have more sympathies and like the teacher more. Out of that follows a better atmosphere among the class and the teacher.

But is this relationship between teacher and students more important than the knowledge the teacher is suppsed to teach? Because as a matter of fact the teacher studied a subject and has a degree in it and he was hired to educate the students and to teach them something. 

Another aspect is that the older the students get the more questions they have especially about more specified parts of the subject or about background information. And if the teacher can't provide his students with such answers he loses a certain respect of his students. Because if you are well educated students have more respect of you because they know and see that you as a teacher have much more experiences than they do and this automatically puts you on a higher level. So the knowledge of a teacher is the main part of his job and is thereby of high importance.

As a student myself I wouldn't fully agree neither would I fully disagree with this statement. Because in my opinion the knowledge plays a huge role if you are a teacher. Because students are curious and want to know things. and if you as a teacher can't answer those questions in a satisfying way you will lose a certain respect of your students. Because a teacher is supposed to teach you something and if he can't do that properly he's no longer a person of respect. But of course the ability of a teacher to relate is very important. Because if the teacher doesn't get you you don't feel confortable. An no good relationship can build up on that. So a good mixture of both is what makes a good teacher.