It is touch and go whether you're a good teacher or not. 
Of course it is very important to get along well with your students but is there something like a line that you shouldn't cross? Getting along well with your students means treating them well and with the respect you want to be treated by them. Students often get disrespectful and rude but in many cases they only do so because the feel peronally attacked by you. This doesn't have to be a big deal. Many students are very sensible because every single one of them is changing every day. They grow physically but also mentally. There's always a developement. Especially teenagers are complicated but it might not be their fault at all. They're not stable at all because of the big changes the go through every day. Somedays you might think you have the greatest stundents but then there are days where you just want to leave because they are driving you nuts. They try to find themselves, fit in, go to school, have a social life and get along well with their families. 
You have a good relationship with your students and they listen to you but you have to be careful that you don't get too close. You shouldn't behave like you're one of their mates who gives them a high-five and so on. It's important to keep the distance. They might lose their respect when they're too comfortable and everything seems like you're  one of their friends. 
Knowledge is power, right?
For students it's one of the most fascinating things when a teacher has a big knowledge. You ca't describe thet feeling when there's a person standing in front of you who can respond to most of your question in a neutral way. Students are actually not big fans of teachers who pretend to know much but actually don't. It's okay if you're not one of them who knows everything as long as you don't act like you are. You have to be yourself because the're going to notice anyway whenever you're acting and making up stories. 
Students are willing to know things so you have to teach them. You can only teach them as long as you know what you're talking about.

In my opinion the best teachers are the ones who relate well with their students and have a big knowledge. I like it when teachers don't act like they are something better than my classmates and me. This brings a bad mood into the classroom. We don't have to be friends but we have to treat eachoter with respect and be kind. The teacher must have an immense knowledge. The knowledge is't everything. He or she must know how to teach his knowledge.Once a lesson got boring it's nearly impossible to save it. Being a teacher is a hard job.