The best lessons I experience in this school are the ones held by my chemistry teacher. He shows a great understanding of the subject he is teaching, is extremaly motivated in class and most important of all he can relate to us students. Our understanding of the discussed topic is what his concerns are about, he encourages us to ask questions in class, always with the thought in his mind that this was the way he learnt the most. 

A teacher can have a great knowledge about the subject he is teaching. But pupils won't learn anything when there is a cold-hearted man standing in front of the blackboard, explaining everything as fast as possible just to get through all the topics he has to teach this year. The students will be lost after a few lessons, either having no clue what is going on or having lost all motivation to attend the class. 
What they need is someone who shows authority but is not unwilled to make some jokes in class, takes the time to dive deeper in a topic that interests the whole class and also looks out that no one is left behind. 

Another problem when the teacher has an excellent knowledge is that they can not necessary distinguish whether the class is just really good or they just do not pay attention because they are lost anyway. I see that often in my physics class. We are discussing a rather complicated topic like angular velocity and the whole class is doing something else. Playing games on their computers, looking at their phones or just simply talking to each other. Most of the time the teacher interprets that as a lack of motivation because we already know about that topic and it is just too easy for us. But that is never the case, the pupils are demotivated thinking that it does not matter what they do, their grades will be bad anyways. 

Looking at the statements I consider the taking time for explaining complicated stuff in a way that everyone gets it and the lack of understanding of teachers with a great knowledge of their subject the main reasons why relating with students is one of the most important factors of being an excellent teacher.