I think if a teacher can relate well with students, he knows how to explain things in a way every student understands. He can also teach in a motivating way and make students having fun while learning new things. But if the teacher has no or only barely knowledge of the subject he is teaching, then how should he be able to explain the things in a logical way, how is he supposed to stucture his lectures well and so on. But now if it was the other way around; if the teacher had an excellent knowledge not only of his but also of related subjects, but could simply in no way relate with the students, the lessons would surely be either in a wrong tempo ( for example the topics would be explaned too little to be understood by a more or less well educated student ) or unmotivating for many students and so on. He could not teach them all the knowledge he maybe would like to teach them.

So in my oppinion it is very important for a teacher to have both; excellent or at least enough knowledge AND the ability to relate with students. In this way he knows how to structure his lessons, which students he has to help more, maybe also which topics would be interesting for his class and so on. And with his knowledge he the would also be able to explain everything. Even if he had to explain something differenlty than he actually thought. A teacher with a limited knowledge on his subject would not be able to relate to different ways of for example solving a difficult equasion and so on. And a teacher with no relation with his students would maybe not even notice that some of his students didn't understand his way of solving this equasion. 

So to get back to our question at the beginning: A teachers ability to relate well with students is at least as important as his knowledge of the subject he teaches. But it is true that teachers with a good relationship to their students structure their lessons more interesting for students, and with them being more motivating than severe teachers I as a student have the feeling of learning more than in lessons of unmotivating but well educated teachers. So it may be more important so some students or in a small amount but defenetly not to everybody and not all the time. It surely is nice if you can easily ask your teacher after your lesson if you have a problem but if he doesn't know the awnser he will not be able to help you.