A teachers ability to relate well with students is extremly important, but so is the actual knowledge that he has about the subject. I often feel like many of my teachers only check if they teach the subject correct or if they say correct things, but for many students it's very important how the teacher treats them and also how the teacher actually teachs. Not only related to the knowledge they have, more like their teaching techniques and if they actually enjoy teaching, because trust me a students can feel that heavily and it changes his own motivation to the subject too.
Teachers often don't realise what impact, followed by a huge responsibility, they have. Many teachers just lead students to actually underestimate themself, in conclusion will then strive for less, now thinking they don't have great potential. Teachers often have a mayor impact on the future of young students, and are a role in their young life, since we spend alot of time being in school and in conclusion with the teachers. Also, teachers are the biggest reason why students stay in school or drop out, since many students just can't imagine spending any more time around teachers after they had a horrible example. Don't get me wrong, there are many more important reasons and factors. I just wanted to point out which impact teachers have since i often feel like the society underestimates it.
Another point that doesn't add up in my mind is the salary of teachers in many counties. Leading up to that, i think that one of the points why switzerland has such a great schooling system and mostly great teachers, are the well paid salarys for teachers in switzerland. You want the elite to teach the young students, so there will grow up more students being the elite. So in inevitable conclusion, you need the best teachers you can get, and why would people with great potential become teachers when getting paid very less. Of course many teachers decided to become teacher because of the impact they make and because they like dealing with other people and especially which childs. But with a higher salary more people actually decide to become teacher, and with more people wanting to be teachers you can also choose wiser and pick the best.
So back to the acutal subject, i think a teacher's ability to relate well with students is much more important than the actual knowledge teachers have. In school it's mostly about learning for the future, and an important fact here is that you learn alot from a teacher, and the greatest things aren't what subject you learn about.