This essay will be about the subject wether the ability to relate well with students, or the great knowledge of the subject is more important for a teacher. There are different opinions about this. In this essay I'll try to explain both sides.

Some people say that relating well is more important. One of their points is that children will probably be interested way more in the subject if the teacher can explain it well. They will try to understand more if they like or can relate to the teacher. In my experience a student likes a subject more, and therefore will try to understand it better, when the teacher is able to relate with his children. If a teacher only explains things frontally and doesn't try to do other things with the students they will get bored pretty quickly. A good example for this is my science teacher at secondary school. She probably was a very intelligent person but nobody understood what she was saying and nobody did anything.

On the other hand many people think that a teacher should have a great knowledge about his subject, the other things aren't that important. They think that, especially in the higher grades, the ability of a teacher to relate isn't that important anymore. For exampe in cantonal school the school isn't mandatory anymore. If the students aren't interested or don't want to learn anymore it is their problem. The teachers should really be informed well about their subject like our biology teacher. He did research about his subject when he was younger and I think he knows alot. We can really learn alot from him.

In my personal opinion the importance of this two abilities changes with the age of the students. When they first come to school the abiliy to relate is way more important, so that they don't get bored of school. But later it becomes really important for a teacher to know his subject because the students become smarter and ask more difficult questions. And if a teacher can't explain that properly the student might lose interess.