We all have had many different teachers in our life. Some we liked better, some we liked worse. Everybody knows the struggle: There`s the one teacher who makes our life difficult. He accuses, complains and is rude to us and we can`t understand him. But lately in high school we realize that the relation to our teacher is more important than we have ever thought it would be. There are studies showing us that it affects our motivation, our learning and finally also our social life.
But what's more important: The teacher's excellent knowledge of the subject being taught or the teacher's ability to relate well with students?
Of course a teacher is here that we learn something in school. He should be able to respond to all our questions.  We get prepared for our future life. If he knows everything we can profit more. 
On the other hand if the teacher has the ability to relate well with students the lessons are much more entertaining and we are excited to go to school. Maybe we also have more motivation to get a good mark. 
If the teacher can't relate with children it's possible they don't like school they don't wan't to go anymore and they quit and go to another school. That's not the purpose of a good school.
To add, if the teachers knowledge about the subject is  minimal the children don't learn anything, even thought they had a great time at school. The chance to get on a good university id small, if you can't t learn everything by yothe yourself or you can't afford any extra courses. With a bad university and a small knowledge you can't resist on the worldmarket and you can't find a good job, even though you would have the intelligence and ability. 
All in all we can see how important the knowledge and the ability of the teacher to relate well with students is. If one thing is not available, your future life can be affectet enormously. In my opinion you can't say one of them is more important than the other. If you become a teacher you should have and be both! Or at least something of both...  