A persons behaviour and his knowledge reflects the way that person grew up and how other people influenced him. 
This I guess is a psychologically pretty logic statement. But what influences a student more? The knowledge that has been passed to him, or the way someone passed it to him and the relationships that he builds? And what is generally more important for a human being, intellectual challenges or trust and emotions?
Of course a mutual and healthy relationship is really important. The homosapiens is a being that naturally needs love and affection. But does this apply to education? Well, partly. I guess, he doesn't need to be friends with his educator or his teacher. But to trust and respect that teacher, the relationship should somehow be based on mutual respect and understanding. If that type of relationship and relatability isn't occuring in some kind of form, students won't neither pay respect to the teacher, nor be interested in anything the teacher tries to teach them. The human brain assiociates disrepect and emotional distance with unimportant matters. Therefore automatically it won't pay any as much attention to a teacher who can't relate as to a teacher, that has somehow a connection, the the student, even if the former teachers knowledge might be more correct. 
But on the other hand, a teacher whos knowledge is poor and unprofessionally incorrect or incomplete won't be respected either. Even though it might be another kind of disrespect students bring towards him; the disrespect that results from the lack of authority. If students are aware of the fact that a certain teacher doesn't know much information, or that the information they are being thaugh is wrong, they'll start to critically assess the behaviour and the competence of that teacher. Which may lead to disbelief, which again might end in disrespect. It will be hard for the teacher to keep his credibility or his head high up. Even if the teacher has a great bond with the students if his credebility is non existent or too little it might be even really troublesome for him. 
Furthermore there are a lot of teachers out there who try to realte to students so much that they fail badly. As a general rule; If a teacher tries too hard to be relatable or gender appropriate it shows. Stdents won't think that it is funny or a sophisticated behaviur, they will think that it is weird and they might take it as a gimmic. What is more the might even make fun of that teacher.
To sum up, I personally don't agree with the statement. I believe that the perfect and most effective education is an equilibrium between relatability and excellent knowledge. Because without the knowledge there is no right for authority but without the relationship there will be no respect.
And the perfect balance between thosetwo elements comes only with experience and a good education system. 