This one teacher that always gets angry if you are talking to your neighbour or does not understand you at all as a human being. Who does not know this teacher? The question that appears in here is: Is it better to have a teacher that is only concentrate to his excellent knowledge of the subject or do we need more teachers that do also have the ability to realte well with students? 

It is important that you get a good education. The important thing is that you have a teacher that has an excellent knowledge of the subject he is teaching to his students. If he relates too much to his students he will lose the distance between being a teacher and being a friend. 
Moreover he will give you the best knowledge he has so that at the end of your school career you can say that you learned a lot. But is having an excellent knowledge so important?

I do not think so. 

I personally think that it is more important to have a teacher that has the ability to relate well with his students then one who does not have the ability at all. 
From my experience I can say that there are a lot of teachers that often forget that we students, but not only we also themselfs, are human beings. 
As human beings there are more important things in this world than an excellent knowledge of a subject. Sure, it is also important to have people that understand what they are doing and do a great job in what they are doing. But in my opinion the human being part is quite more important. Who cares if at the end of your school career you do not have been the best student. The important thing is that you had a great time with other students and your teacher.
If the teacher has the ability to relate well with his students the lesson automatically gets interesting. You enjoy going there. If the teacher is nice you do not have to have fear or anything like that, you just enjoy the lesson.

In conclusion, how you actually just read clearly in this essay, for me it is more important to have a teacher that has the ability to relate well with students than one who can not at all. We are human beings and not roboters, we need teachers that also teach us how to live and not only how to learn. 
