
Knowledge or Relationship? Wich one helps the students more?

For me is it quiet simple. The truth lies in the middle. A Teacher has to have both abilitiys. Then he is a good teacher and can play a strong role in a students live. 

When a teacher hasn`t got any good conection or relationship to his students, he can`t be the best teacher. Altought his knowledge is excellent. Teachers aren`t only there to teach students things, tehy also have a bit of responsebility for their students, expecally when they are younger and in teh middle age. A teacher for example has to see when a student has problems, and then he must try to help him. Or maybe the student knows that, when he have a problem, he can go to the teacher. And for that is the relationship between teacher and students very important. When their isn`t a realtionship the student wouldn`t go to the teacher and ask for help. 
The teacher isn`t only there to teach a specific subject, they are also there to teach live. 

However a teacher can not be a good teacher when only teh relationship is god. He must also have a knowledge of the subject his talking about. This isn`t only important because of the learning itself (Finally the students are going to school to learn something), it`s also important for the teachers authory. 
When the students can see that the teacher hasn`t got good knowledge of his subject he loses immidiatly at authoroty. When this happens the teacher loses at force. And the students don`t do that what the teacher wants. It also makes the teacher week. And than maybe students who have problems don`t go to the teacher for asking help, because they might think that he hasn`t got a solution to their problems. When indite he has got much of authority the students are listening to him. And so mybe they don`t make any problems. Exspecially when they don`t have a authoric person at home or in their live.


Because the teacher isn`t only there to teach the students their subject but also to be a person where the students can go to when they have a problem, the teacher has to have a got realationship to the students, but he also need to have knowledge of the subject his talking about.

  