Good and bad teachers

I am going to write about the following statement:"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught." In school teachers often seem not to understand exactly what they are talking about. Some of them even just read, sentences they copied from wikipedia, loud in front of the class. But they somehow still manage that all the students get what they are talking about. Others are absolute cracks in their subject. But they often seem to forget that an ordinary students won't understand quantum physics in five minutes. But what kind of teacher is better? With which kind of teacher will kids learn more?
It often happend to me, that a teacher didn't know what he said. This is a problem i mainly encountred when is was in lower levels of school. Once a teacher in Bezirksschule  let us note what he before wrote on the blackboard. This wouldn't be special, if we didn't  exactly have a copy of the wikipedia article about earthquakes on our sheets of papers later. But to be honest, I later really did know alot about earthquakes later. I think this is because he helped us later on if we had a question. If we had a teacher that really knew something about the topic, but couldn't explain it to us in a way all of us understood it, I wouldn't know if I would have learned something. And in fact I now do have a new teacher. She just studied physics and before she worked at the PSI. You can clearly tell that she is an absolute beast at her subject, but she does everything with such an enormous speed, that nobody in the entire class gets what she is doing. I once even loudly asked if somebody got what she was talking about, but nobody said yes. The teacher then just looked at us, said we should keep more attention and then she keept going foreward with lightning speed. 
In conclusion i don't think the statement:"A teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." really is true. I think a teacher has to have both abilities to really be able to teach something in a good way. A good teacher knows alot about the topic or subject but is also able to relate well with the students. Just with a teacher like this i am able to learn something. This especially aplies to higher levels of school, because the topics get more and more difficult. 
