First of all you have to consider the extremes. That means we`ll now compare a teacher can relate well with students but doesn`t know anything about the subject itself and a teacher who`s highly educated but can`t sympathize with the students at all. It`s obvious that the teacher with no knowledge will lose his job or won`t even be employed. Firstly a teacher is someone who has a high level of knowledge in a certain field and who can give that knowledge to another person. Of course he should be able to relate to the students but knowledge comes first. If you want someone who can relate to the students you might as well let a student educate the other students. They know each other extremly well but that does not qualify them to teach a class. 
In my opinion the level of sympathy that you get from your teacher should decrease the older you become. In primary school where there`s no pressure yet and it`s an introduction to studying then it`s a good if the teacher can relatr to them. When you`re older you should know better and you should be just eager to suck up all the information like a sponge. Of course it`s a nice thing to have an teacher to whom you can relate with and he can relate with you but that is in my opinion just a seconday goal in the relationship between the teacher and the student.
Of course it`s nice no have a teacher who can relate with students. It might motivate the students and the students woudn`t be overwhelmed if they don`t understand the subject or topic on the first try. But that motivation has to come from the students themselves and not from an external source. It has to come from within the students. 
The biggest problem is that the students can only learn as much from the teacher as he understands of the subject himself. The best example for that would probably be my math teacher. It seems as if he wouldn`t even want to relate with us but that makes his lesson more efficient. His exams are very difficult and you have to invest a lot of time to get good marks. He provides us his knowledge and now it`s up to us if we`ll invest the necessary time and effort or if we don`t use that oppurtunity at all. There`s no room for relatability if the knowledges is not provided. Education comes first.