Not your best friend
Education is always a hot topic, widely discussed whenever it is brought up. Subject of those discussions are often the teachers involved in passing on knowledge to the learning students. Besides workingtimes and wage, the role of the teacher in relation to the student is often in the spotlight. In the following text I will balance the pros and cons of the distanced but professional and the fatherfigure and good friend-role which the teacher can use in order to transport his knowledge to the students.
First of, I think it is not up to discussion if or not the teacher should be well educated and experienced in the subject he teaches. It is very iportant that teachers know what they are talking about. It is hard to explain something if you do not understand it yourself. Plus, questions and interest of the students might go further than the normal curricular subject-matter. Not being able to respond to those questions and to support the interest in the subject may stop students interest in school and academic subjects in generall. So in order to provide a high-quality education to the students for their future and interest it is important that the teachers have broad knowledge of the subject being taught.
Secondly, the teacher is your teacher, not your father nor your best friend. It is nothing bad if you get along well with your teacher, it may even support the atmosphere in the class. But it is not the teachers primary task to be good friend with his students. Even worse, it might aswell disturb the students in their learnin process if they always have a colleague talking to them and not a person with a certain degree of authority. This may hapen when the students stop taking their teacher seriously because he is just a good friend anyway. Furthermore, the distance that is lost between them and the teacher taught when the teacher is a good friend of theirs may also lead to a loss in objectivity and fairness from the teachers side. He may start to have his favourite students and beginn to treat others unrightously worse than the rest.
Finally, the relation between a student and a teacher is a professional one. If the student worries about letting down the teacher and not about his own expectations of him self his perceprion of performance becomes heavily disrupted. A student has to work for himself and a teacher for the students, since they are compareable to customers for the teacher. If this is not keept upright, this relationship, it could mean a lot of emotionall stress for both the student and the teacher, if they get too attached to eachother.¨
Summarized, I think no extreme is good. A teacher should be a person of trust but not you best friend. He or she should uphold a certain professional distance to maintain objectivity and fairness. But the most important part is that  the teacher knows what he is talking about. The focus lies on education, not making friends.