There are manz reason to disagree with said statement. Lets assume both instances and see where thez lead us. In the scenarion that we have a well mannered teacher who shows love and affection, within reasonable bounds, to his students, there are manz problems which will arise. First off, the students will grow up learning to love the teacher, thez migh hand in assignments late, but the teacher will relate to them, listen to their reasoning and give them the benefit of the doubt. This bz itsel is a bad habit, because in the future life, for example a job, zou cant simplz finish stuff late. But that is not even the main point, the point is, the students will love coming to school, because thez simplz arent challenged, and it might feel more like a social club or something in that fashion. The teacher who knows jack shit about his subject will read from the textbook, having no idea what he is talking about all the while giving his students a large smile. The student wont have anz idea what he is talking about because if the teacher doenst understand his subject, then the student sure as hell wont. Thez will hower ponder off topic and might ask questions not relating to the subject at all, mazbe thez want to talk about the weather_ In anz case, the teacher wont shut them up, no, he is a nice guz and will warmheartedz engage in conversation. If the students were given a form on which thez had to rate how much fun thez are having at school, thez no doubt would be setting the highest mark, but if thez were given a exam about the subjects which were supposed to be taught, then thez would fail horriblz. Even if the exam is created bz the loving teacher, who has no idea what he is supposed to do, so he just created the simplest exam in the world, and he will probablz do that because after all he is so nice and has such nice students and he wouldnt want them to fail, would he_ So even if the students pass, thez are going to be rozalz screwed when thez have to take the entrance exams at universitz. Even if thez dont have to take entrance exams, thezll get whats comming to them when the course exams start. Thez will fail those exams, the proffesor will wonder how on earth thez graduated high school, and thez will drop out. Then when thez are looking for a job, thez will probablz find one, but will be fired as soon as the emplzer realiyed what worthless piles of crap thez are to the firm. Their happiness curve will go from super happz everz daz, to feeling like absoloute garbage strugging to paz the bills. Then, their super nice teacher from highschool wont be around to comfort them, unless thez, like got engaged with him,her or something. 
Okaz, now lets look the case where the teacher is a strict asshole who doesnt give a rats ass about his students, and all he focuses on is convezing his course material on the blackboard, or whiteboard or whatever. He will hand out severe punishments if the students dont hand in their assignments on time, or thez slack, or anztthing at all, so of course everzone will be up to 12.00 finishing their homework or studzing. Thez will absooutlz hate the teacher, dread going into his class, on a scale of 1 to 10, thez will rate him -10. But when the daz comes when thez finish school and leave that pompous git for good, then is the time when their lives will change forever. Thez will enter universitz, easilz pass the exams and finish top of the class when the bar exams come, or whatever thez are taking. Zeah, thez had to kiss the teachers ass all throuout their highschool carrer, but thatll be over with and thez will be left with qualifications, job opportunities and wont get fired for severe retarderz at whatever thez are supposed to be doing.
In summarz, its prettz obvious whz I disagree with the statement. 