Some people say that it is more important that teachers create a good bond with their students instead of having excellent knowledge of the subject they teach. But how is a good relationship with your teacher going to be useful in your future when you haven't got an extraordinary knowledge of this certain subject? But on the other hand, how can you learn, study and stay motivated in a bad atmosphere created by the bad relationship you have with your teacher? 
Surely, as a teacher it actually isn't that important to relate well with your students rather than have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Critics say that it won't matter to the future of a student if the student hadn't had a good relationship with his/her teacher. But in the eye of a student like myself, I think it is extremely important to actually like your teacher, otherwise you aren't motivated and you don't have envy to study for that certain subject. Furthermore you don't pay attention in class and don't listen to what the teacher is explaining to you. Like this you have to study more at home to get a good grade and with no motivation there isn't going to be a good mark in the end. But there is the same problem with having a teacher that you actually like but who can't teach well because the teacher himself/herself hasn't got a clue about that subject either: you as a student will have to study a lot by yourself at home because you haven't learned anything in class. How am I as a student going to make a progress when I A.) don't like the teacher and lose motivation to study or B.) don't learn nothing in school at all because of the bad teaching of my teacher? Both of these possibilities aren't useful for my future. With this being said, I am comming to the conclusion that it is important that a teacher has to have both abilities; to have an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught and to relate well with students. Because to teach well you have to have both of these abilities, this is what makes a good teacher and as with that, also a good student.