Is it true that a teacher's ability to relate with students is more important than excellen knowledge of the subject being taught? People are always talking about this statement and they aren't still in the same opinion if the teacher should be more like a friend or if he should be straight and push the schoolkids to their maximum. I'm going to write down all the pro and contra arguments of that statement and we will see if we're coming to a point.

An argument to agree with the statement that it's important to relate with students is that students react imense on a bad relationship with their teacher. If they hate him they won't listen to him and as an effect they won't learn anything in lessons. So students will have bad marks and don't get the clue of what they learnd. Another thing is that students are the most time of their childhood in school. If this time is taff the kids won't b happy and won't have a good throwback to their schooltime. So it's better to make the kids happy and push them or motivate them to learn new thing than give them a bad view about school.

Otherwise you can also say that a teacher isn't a students best friend and has to be like a boss. He sais what they have to do and if they not respect him the students do whatever they want. If the teachter hasn't got an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught the kids will maybe learning wrong theories and as an effect they will have problem in their future job. The Teacher should also focus on the school and the learning-stuff so the classes can be more effective and this will be cheaper for the State.

To sum everything up I think it's very important that the teacher and the students has an good relationship. But in my opinion it is very important that the student still know that the teacher is not his best friend. A teacher should have a role like parents and raise them up in the school with saying what is a good ability and what is not. He should look for a good clima in the classroom but also needs to teach the student wright