Every year many more young adults become teachers. During their training and studies, they are taught their subject they will teach later on, how to teach, how to interact, relate and help their students. Regarding  the importance of all these parts, it can be said that in university the focus is gaining excellent knowledge of the subjet the future teachers will teach. However, this doesn't mean that good communication and interaction skills are neglected. Comparing the two parts, how iportant are they? Which one is more important?

If a teacher can't realte well with students, then there's on point on being a teacher. This part is crucial to being a successful teacher and teaching your stundents all the knowledge you have on your subject. Every teacher has some sort of good knowledge of the subject being taught, or they wouln't even be able to teach it. Having a good knowledge on the subject the teacher teaches is sufficient. Having an excellent knwoledge of the subjet is beneficial for the teacher themselves but not very useful for the students. Most likely, the excellent knowledge of a teacher excells the level of knowledge the pupils need to reach in that speciifc subject. Having good "social" skills to relate with students is accordingly more important than an excellent knowledge of a subject: You can't share your excellent knowledge successfully if you can't realte with your students. Otherwise the students can't reliy on their teacher, so won't gain anything from their lessen. Therefore the amount of knowledge of a teacher is less important than the ability to relate well with students.

On the other hand the knowledge of a teacher could also be more important than good "social" skills with the students due to the fact that teacher are here to teach and not to be good friends with students. This doesn't mean teacher have to be rude and unrelaeable with their students, rather the importance of teaching their knowledge to the students is greater. Teachers are here to teach, to simply share their knowledge they gained in their subjets with their pupils and no more. Students only have to go to school, sit in class and listen to what the teacher is saying. Good relating skills are not very necessary here.

In my opinion both are of equal importance. If a teacher cannot realte and connect with their students, they have to chance to teach their subect successfully. A teacher must have excellent knowledge in their subject, helping both themselves and the students. The ability to relate to the students is crucial on the students being successful in the teacher's class and also helps the success of the teacher.