In today's society it is expected from a teacher that he needs to be an example of what to do. If a student is not doing well the first thought that comes in mind of other students or even the same student that is not doing well: It must be the teachers fault or he can not teach and I could be listing several more examples. But to pick up the statement, that a teacher has to relate well with its student is controversial in my point of view. There are many positive and negative aspects that can support this statement or not.

Firstly it is not a teacher's responsibility that the student cannot listen and pay attention to what he is saying. Of course the teacher has to submit some sort of authority because otherwise it would be impossible for him to teach a group of adolescents or kids. Another aspect that is often misunderstood by many is the style of teaching. It is often thought that a friendly and kind teacher often teaches a subject better than the teacher that will not try to establish a personal relationship with a student. In my point of view I think that a teacher's purpose is to solely to teach a subject and make the students understand it perfectly. Often a lot of students would prefer the teacher that is friendly and kind rather than the strict one. Which leads me to my other argument.

It is true that a friendly teacher is often more loved by the students than the other just as I mentioned before. Of course it makes it easier for a teacher if he has the admiration of the students to teach the subject. But there is always a possibility that the students will not listen to him because he is too friendly and therefore the students do not see him as an authority but rather they see him as a friend. Taking this into consideration it is a difficult decision to support this statement or not.

In conclusion, I would rather have a teacher that has authority and does not want to relate too well with a student than a teacher that is too friendly and does not have  the respect of the students. Of course there will be this one teacher that has the perfect balance between friendly and being an authority but this is only in very few cases.