In this essay I write about which ability a teacher need. Should a teacher have a good relation to the students or an excellent knowledge of the subject. Or should he has to been loud or silent...

I think a teacher should have both. He needs a great whole packet. 
A teacher, who knows everything about the subject but is very unfriendly is as bad as a teacher, who is very friendly or lovely but knows nothing about the subject. The best way for a teacher to teach the students well is the middle of this two things. 
I remember three teachers, which are all diffrent. The first, I don't like, the second I didn't learned about the subject and the third is a person, who find the gold middle.
My first example is a philosophy teacher, who knows all. He knows all about the world, about every subject but he is because of his knwoledge not as the same niveau as we. This makes a conversation difficult and the lessons boring. I could say, that I am afraid to go to this lessons, because I think that he isn't happy with my answers and becomes angry to me. 
Another teacher was in the primary school, she was a teacher with a big heart, always friendly and always had a big smile in her face. In primary school I really like her, but when I came to another english teacher I realised that she explained to me nothing and that I have a big whole in my english knowledge. I realised that I learned in this tree years nothing but had a really great time... 
Now, I'm asking me what is better? I think both isn't good... 
A third teacher, is a teacher with an excellent knowledge and he makes from time to time also jokes. In his lessons we have learned a much and we also have had a really great time, I think because of his jokes and his way of teaching. His jokes lighted up the full of informations chemistry lessons much.
I think a great teacher needs much things, he must know things but he must also be friendly, because when he isn't freindly the students doesn't like the school lessons. 
A teacher, who wants to be good must be friendly, have a big knowledge, can be able to make jokes and he also has to been strict and trustworthy.