Teaching is a difficult thing to do, espacially when students are not interested in what you are trying to teach them. There are different factors that influence the progress of the student's learning. If the students do not like their teacher, they will not want to cooperate and will not learn as well as if they liked the teacher. But on the other hand, a teacher has to know the subject he teaches very well in order to teach his/her students. But which of these to factors is more important? I think a good teacher needs to have both; the ability to relate well with students and excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

Teachers often have problems with relating with students. Sometimes, it's because the students just do not like the subject the teacher teaches. But then, there are also cases where the teacher is too strict or even mean. If a teacher does not care about what his/her students think of him/her, his/her students will notice that. It will let them feel the same, which means that they won't care if they start having bad marks and do not understand the subject anymore. If students feel understood and like their teacher, they will find it much easier to ask questions and talk about eventual problems. They have the feeling that their teacher can help them and that way, they will be motivated and learn fast. Also, a subject automaticly gets a lot more interesting when a student likes his/her teacher. Soit clearly has to be important that a teacher can relate with his/her students.
But what happens if a teacher is very friendly but he does not really know what he is actually talking about? A teacher who does not have excellent knowledge of the subject he teaches cannot teach very well. If the students have questions, there will be times where the teacher won't know the answer. And what does the teacher do, when he has to explain something complicated, but he/she does not understand himself? So, it is quite important that a tescher knows what he's talking about.

On my opinion, I think both these factors are very 