I think this statement is persent  for us every day we go to school. So I have two oppinions of it, first I think it is very important to have a good relationships with your teachers and naturally with your classmades, beacuse it reveals to a good atmotsphere in the class during the lessons. And I think it has much to do with your work in class and your  motivation to go to school. Because if your teacher wants to help you to understand the stuff you learn in class and takes time for you in an easy way, you would be more motivated so you become a better student, because you write better notes. I mean, by example, I hate biologie but we have a very nice teacher. She has some expressive will to show us the things und explain it for us. So I like to go in the lessons, because I am more motivated through her motivation to learn things and be activ in class.
But second, I have to say that, now we are old enouth to study things on our own. We do not or we should not need the help from our teacher to understand the things we have to know in the different lessons. So If you have some very good, intelligent teacher who maybe or often is a more stronger teacher you can also lern much about them. I think it has much to do with you self-work. If you repeat the stuff after every lesson or you ask questions you understand more than just being unmotivatiet in class and think ou it is very boring what he is talking about. Yes it is very uncool if yu have a teacher who does not care about you and what are you doning and just talk his stuff he has to talk but otherwise it is your own choice to notice what he talks and bring you thurder in life or you do nothing. Because when you go out of school nobody would say what you have to do or to learn, you have to do it on your own. And when you have this inersteing boring or very taff teacher it is bad, but for the future it is more important than you may think know.
What I want to say is, that you have always teacher you do not like or they do not like you, that would be in every part of your life. A few will be very nice and you have funny lessons with them and your class, but we do not learn as much as we sit in class with a teacher who looks on every move of your fingers and do not want to talk or otherthings. So I think the nice teachers are important for the social part in class and lessons and the more stornger and harder teachers are better for you knowledge and your kind of  "work-style" or better how you study things ang bring you thurder in life. 