I'd like to give my opinion to this statement with the help of my experiences in my exchange year in Costa Rica. The relation between teachers and students in Latin America is a lot more friendly than here in Switzerland. Students conversate with teachers about their their families, their lifes and their dreams. Because of this the atmosphere during class is a lot more relaxed. Students feel good, are motivated and ready to learn things. They're not afraid of asking the teacher for help and the teacher is willing to explain things more than onces until everyone understands it. 
In contrary here in Switzerland students and teacher hardly talk to each other. Students don't really want to ask teachers for help and talk bad about them while there not hearing. 
In Costa Rica students want to be good in exams. Not just for themselves but also to show the teacher that they got what he told them and that they still remember.
In Switzerland people cheat in exams, learn things just to have good marks and one day after the test they forget what they've just learned.
During my exchange year I always liked going to school and I felt like the other students liked it too. People were kind to each other, we laughed a lot but still learned many things that I won't forget so fast.
Back here in Europe people are "colder". Also the relation between teacher and students is much more serious.
But there's also the other side. In Latin America we used to spend hours just conversating with teachers, having fun and not learning much. There were teachers who weren't even able to write one sentence in english without making a mistake. May be that they taught some things to their class but also many wrong things. And this isn't very good either. 
In my humble opinion a teacher's ability to relate well with students is very important, maybe sometimes even more important than the excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. I think that having a good relation between students and teachers improves the motivation and willingness to learn a lot. It makes the work for both sides a lot easier. But to give good clases, to teach important things and prepare students for their future job and life we need both, a good relation between the students and the teacher but also a good knowledge of what's being taught.

