I disagree with this statement because the job of a teacher is to teach the students the subjects given. So it is not that important to relate well with the students. The teachers just have to be neutral. Their opinion is not that important. It is better if the teacher understands the students and what they want to say but a well relation is not the most important base to get on well with each other.
Yes, it can be a big advantage for the teacher, when he or she relates well with the students and understand them and what their opinion is. If this is the case as a teacher you don't have to worry not being listened to. It's also good because when you, as a teacher relate to the students it's most likely, that they will like you. And logically, if students like you they're more interested in the lessons and the subject, that the teacher is teaching them about. They will listen and be an active member of the lesson. It is less boring than with students, who don't like a teacher or just don't want to listen. Because if they listen, the teacher won't be the only one who is talking in a class. The students will hold up their hands and tell their opinion or their answers too.
But as I already wrote, this includes not the job of a teacher, to get on well with the students. The teacher who don't want or can't relate to the students are also able to teach them an excellent knowledge.
There are also many teachers at our school, who don't even relate at a minimum base. They even disrespect or overhear them. As like, when the teacher doesn't want to listen to the pupils, they won't be listened by them too. It's a give and take.
But the most important or the best key to teach students an excellent knowledge is by winning their respect right away. When you reached that as a teacher the students will listen to you voluntarily. You will be able to recognize their feelings or their mood so you can fit the lesson to their actual state. You can accurate and relate to them and you will know what they want and how they feel. You will know how to create the lesson. If you've won their respect, they will show you respect. If you listen to them, they will listen to you.
Summed up; the job of teachers is to teach students knowledge of the subject. It's not neccessary to have a good relation but it can be an advantage and the connection will be good between the teacher and the students.