It's monday morning, the day that most people disgust. Now you have to go to school and in the first lesson you have english. You love english but this teacher, he's always blaming you and his unfriendly way to tell you that you're wrong  makes you upset. Guess what? If your first subject would be french, even though you prefer english, you would enjoy this one more if this teacher would relate well with you. So for sure there would be a better atmosphere on the dumb, long-lasting monday morning.
Another pro argument for this statement is that no matter how big the knowledge of a teacher is, if he doesn't relate well with students no one gets the point. If there is a proffesional physics teacher with an unbelievable knowledge, it still wouldn't be enough if he doesn't engage with students well. He can describes in his way all physical process, but no one will understand it because he's just doing his thing without watching out if they come after or if they still stuck in the beginning. 

On the other hand, it's not how it should be if the teacher can't answer any questions of the students because his knowledge isn't that great how it sould be. For sure the knowledge should be there, without it it's hard to teach a subject, no matter how well this teacher can relate with the students. But here we have to take in consideration, how excellent or not excellent the knowledge is. A teacher doesn't have to have a doctor title or something like that to teach the students the most important informations. Even with a not that huge knowledge they can teach the students those things they have to know. If we are honest no students wants too many high leveled informations from any "super" doctor professor. 

In the end i guess my personal opinion is that it's more important that a teacher has the ability to relate well with students than having an excellent knowledge. Because everything is better if he can relate well with us. The atmosphere with more pleasure is given and so more concentration and good grades will follow, even with a little bit less of knowledge.
 