We sit in school everyday for about 12 years, we learn about so many different things, and we have to do with so many different teachers. I think that when people go to a university to study, it`s more important for the teachers to have excellent knowledge than to relate with the students. That`s because the people sitting in those rooms are interested in what they`re about to learn, it doesn`t really matter who is talking and how nice that person is.
in highschool we learn about so many subjects or topics that really don`t interest us and in some cases we might even know for sure that we are never gonna need that knowledge again. For me that is chemistry, I will just google it if I ever need to know something about it. So is it fair to say that it`s my teachers fault that I never really learn anything? No. It`s not her FAULT, if I were more disciplined I could listen to her and start learning something but I just can`t motivate myself. This is why I think that relating to the students is more important than the knowlege, I have a very good example for this: I`ve always had problems with physics and I also just hated the subject because I couldn`t see why I should know these things. Then, one year ago we had a change of teachers and a very young teacher started teaching us. Since he was still studying at that time I guess that his knowledge wasn`t extremely excellent but he was very motivated. He could relate to us like no other teacher because only a few years earlier he was sitting on the exact same tables as we were. I remember how I suddenly started liking the subject, I was even looking forward to those lessons because we actually had fun and for the first time I understood something. I made my first good marks and I had found interest in a subject that I had already given up on. 
So for me it`s clear, relating to students, especially in our age, is more important than knowing everything about the subject because that doesn`t automatically make a student learn everything.    