I think we all have certain subjects we prefer to others. Some subjects we love, some subjects we hate. But how often is it the case that you have problems following the lesson despite the topic actually interesting you? And how often did you like a subject when teached by another person, but ended up dreading the lesson when you got another teacher? I've experienced this multiple times. This raises the question: is it more important that a teacher's got outstanding knowledge of the matter, or is it more important that a teacher's able to relate with their students?

well, first of all it is important that the teacher you have knows a lot about the thing their educating you in. In primary school, my french teacher didn't pronounce the words properly. This lead to myself pronouncing the words wrong until I've realised my mistake. So I have to state that a good education of the teacher himself is indeed important. Because otherwise, you have a knowledge that isn't necesseraily completely correct. This can be a problem later in your life, in your job or free time. If you learned something a certain way as a child, it is often hard to change it once your an adult. 
Another important aspect of a teacher having a good knowledge is raising your interest in the matter. When you see that the teacher's subject is his passion, you often start being more interested. And if your teacher is able to answer difficult question that have not necessarily something to do with the topic at the moment, it can raise yur interest even more. 
But on the other hand, it is very important that a teacher can relate well with the students. Often it is the case that teachers aren't able to understand the questions we have. As they know so much about their subject, they can't understand the problem students have with understanding it. A teacher who relates well with students is often better capable of helping them. Maybe it is even easier for them if they don't know too much about the matter. 
Also, a teacher who relates well with students gets more of their attention. If they don't like the person educating them, their motivation often is a lot smaller. I've experienced this often myself: even if the subject might not interest me too much, if the teacher relates to me and i have sympathy for him, i listen more carefully. Sometimes even more carefully than I do in subjects that I like, but where the teacher and I don't get along too well
So, coming to the end of this essay, i can say that I relate to the statement above. Although I do believe that a teacher must be well imformed on the subject they're teaching us, any additional knowledge of the matter is not as important as their ability to relate and connect with students. Because as a teacher, all knowlegde is worth nothing if you're not able to explain it to the children.