Students and teachers spend a lot of time together during. There are different types of teachers some of them are serious others not. There are also very different students and dependent on the school the things that are thaught as well are varied. If a teachers ability to relate well with the students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught is going to be discussed in this essay.

On the one hand the duty of a teacher is to be able to give his knowledge of the subject to his students as precise as possible. As a teacher one should be well informed on the subject and be able to answer all the questions that come up during the lessons. Also the content should be thaught seriously  and well understandable so that the students can take advantage of it. 

On the other hand the relation between students and teacher is of big importance. The students should take teacher serious and give their best to follow the lesson. The teacher should try to explain the things as clear as possible so that everyone has the chance of understanding it. This does not mean that the relation between them must be distant or that the lessons should be boring. Infact if the the teacher can relate well with his students as well as with the knowledge and the students also try to relate to the teacher the time in school could be of advantage for all. If the relation is bad the motivation of both sides will be little and also the time would be very boring. 

In general I think that the relation between student and teacher has a big influence on the learning. If there is a good connection it is good for both. But one should not forget that school is not a place to amuse and that the teacher should relate well with the subject too. One can not really measure wether relating with the students or realting with the knowledge is more important. In my point of view both should be included. So the realtion to the students should be well but the knowledge also well taught. 
 
