I don't agree with the statement above.

We have to go to the roots why students have to go to school. I would like to stay at home, doing something what I really like or just don't have to do things which I don't like or things which are unnecessary in my opinion.

But why students have to go to school since centuries and what is the task of the school in order to the students?

Schools are a place where knowledge is taught to interested, unexperienced people, who are willing to learn and make progress in their academic career or just want to get learnt new things, even it's about their job. That's why an apprentice has also to go to school and has to learn things about his job and his daily work.

Teachers shouldn't been teaching to discriminate children or to take away their motivation to learn, but teachers should be strict and serious.  It's not their task to be best friends of their students, they should be an authority person and, if necessary, should punish a student which doesn't follow the rules or even breaks them.

Earlier days teachers were highly recognised authority persons, villagers looked up to the teacher of the local village school and students were aware, not afraid but impressed by the occurence of the teacher. They knew if they spoke, it had hard consequences and even if somebody would be on the street after eight o'clock in the evening, he or she would have to stand up at five o'clock in the morning and go to school to light the fireplace to heat the school room in wintertime.

But today a teacher hasn't any more rights in comparison to his or her students. If a teacher even touches a children and the parents of the student are going to claim at the school director or at a court, the teacher should be aware of losing his job and not rarely they loose their job, indeed.

Teachers should get more rights, and it's false to think that school is a place where students are going to have fun and a good time, instead of learning something by being strictly adviced by a teacher.

If I wouldn't get strict advices, I wouldn't get up by myself and work hard to reach something and to make progress. For students it's important to get a strict rules and to being guided through their learning process.

Teachers should not be best friends, but authority persons and real teachers of the s