Knowledge is the key to education. Makes sense, doesn't it? From day to day people go to school to learn things. It doesn't matter if it's biology, mathematics, physics or maybe a language. You go there, sit down, take out your books, take notes and listen to your teacher. That's the way it works and that's the way it always worked. Even the old greeks had such a school system. But how important is the teacher's ability to relate well with his students? Is knowledge even important if you can't relate with the people you're trying to teach it to?
Many people struggle with maths. Mostly they dont like it. At least if they dont understand it. I think that maths is a great example to demonstrate that excellent knowledge isn't everything you need. I'll show it to you with a personal experience i made during my "school math carreer". I never was bad in maths, i mostly understood it and could help my classmates. They would try to understand it with the input our teacher gave us, but for some reason they didn't understand it. Obviously the lack of the teacher's knowledge wasn't the problem. They would come to me and ask, if i could explain them the exercises that the teacher gave us. I tried to explain it to them and they understood it (at least around 95% of the time). Now im a almost certain that an "excellent knowledge" isn't the reason why they understood it when i explained it to them. It's the way you explain it. You have to be able to explain it in a way that this specific person can understand it. 
Of course you can't teach someone without knowledge. If you don't know how to add 2 and 2 you can't teach it to someone. You obviously have to have some experience in the thing that you try to teach. You have to have a certain amount of knowledge and a certain amount of skill to teach it. The balance is what counts. 
It's the exact same with languages. You have to have a certain level to teach, lets say french, but you need to be able to make them understand you. So in case them to understand you , you have to understand them. 
All in all i'd say that don't have to have an excellent knowledge to teach kids but rather the ability to make them understand you. 