All parents want their children to have good teachers. That they know how to correctly communicate with their students, that they are experts in their class they teach and that they are fair and know how to explain best. Is a very good teacher an expert in his subject or is he just very good in explaining his point of view?

It is very important for teachers to know what they talk about. Of course, because if they don not know or especially if they do not care why the earth is going around the sund and not the sun around the earth, the students are going to care even less. A teacher's way of making class fun and intresting, does have an influence on how students act or solve a problem in class. The student's mindset still plays the bigger role, but if for instance, a very smart teacher who knows everything about global warming, doesn't know how to explain why it is getting warmer on our planet, the students will for sure not know where to put this information. 
On the other hand, a good schooled teacher who has a lot of knowledge can give a more knowledge to his students, because he has more. More, than a teacher who only know how to explain but rarey knows anything. And students know when a teacher knows what he is talking about and when he does not. Now, who can give more knowledge to their students: a teacher who knows everything but doesn't knw how to put it in other words so the students understand or a teacher who doesn't as much as the super teacher but knows how to sell it? 
Also, teaching is not only about how they stand in front of the class, it's also how they work with the students like being a trustworthy person for them. Because every single one of them will go through a tough phase of their life, especially in their teenage years. It is important for a teacher to be open for their student's problems. Not only problems but also for "special needs", like recognizing when the class still needs a help with a specific topic, to not just make the test, to rather repeat it one more time.

Personally, I think I can better work with a teacher who actually wants me to understand than a teacher who doesn't even understand why I don not undertsand and who just wants to get through week after week.