In this essay I will talk about a question which is not easy to answer. The question is if a techaer's ability to relate well with students is more important than his excellent knowledge. 

First of all I will mention a few arguments which would say that it is more important that a teacher can relate well with students. In the kindergarden or at primary school for example it is very important that a teacher has this ability because when the students are younger it is necessary that they make social contacts. At the younger age of the students the relation with the teacher is more important because it has a lot to to with education. The main point is not that they earn an excellent knowledge but to learn a few easy things, learn to play with other childern, to talk and I think this are things teacher know as well without an excellent knowledge. 

An other point would be that if the students have a good relation with their teacher they like it more to go to school and have class with this teacher. I think that it makes a big difference which we see in the motivation of the students. 

Now I will mention some aspects which show that it is more important that a teacher has an excellent knowledge. This point is very important at higher level. At secondary school or at the university it is necessary that the teacher is sure about what he is talking about. Sometimes when studets want to ask something the teacher should be able to answer the question because if not this would not make a good impression. We all know that the class has not to do much with education anymore when the students are older, so the relation with the teacher is not so important anymore.

Now I will tell you my attitide to this topic. I think we have to separate this because I can not find a answer otherwise. I would say that until primary or secodary school the ability to relate well with the students is more important than an excellent knowledge. Because there are other things which are more important. But when students get older like at middle school or at the universe the knowledge of the teacher is more important. Because if the teacher has not this excellent knowledge how could de students learn more?