Scholar education strongly depends on the relation between students and the teacher. In a classroom, this relation may lead to either a very productive or even a highly inefficient learning atmosphere. The fact that the interaction between students and the teacher is very important to the success of educating a child certainly is true, but there are other factors contributing, too. I would therefore like to show that the importance of other factors for successful learning must not be underestimated.

School certainly serves multiple uses: Its main purpose surely is teaching knowledge to students. Other aims include the development of social skills and making the students responsibly citizens making use of their rights and duties. The relation between students and the teacher may well help improving some of these goals, but the risk of harming others exists. Good interaction between students and the teacher can serve a good classroom atmosphere that will lead to learning success of the students. But as soon as the relation becomes too close, learning progress will rapidly drop. For example, if a teacher behaves in a very friendly way with his students, in many cases the students will start abusing this by delaying tests, constantly reducing homework or convincing the teacher to show movies instead of the regular program. While a confident relation is necessary for learning success, it can quickly turn into one where the distance between teacher and student simply is too small.

A important factor contributing to learning success in fact is the knowledge the teacher has in his subject and beyond. Excellent skills in biology will in most cases result in a biology teacher being taken seriously by its students. If a teacher even has the ability to show interesting interactions between his chore and other subjects, this is not just interesting for the students, but will result in a good classroom attitude. The positive effect this has on learning success cannot be overestimated. In my own experience, it always were the teachers with excellent education in their subjects that were the most respected and that taught subjects with both interesting contents and productive teaching.

The different tasks that scholar education, in particular teachers, have to fulfill are diverse. It is important to give teachers appropriate means for teaching the students. This usually does not mean showing them techniques to establish a good relationship with his students. By far the bigger effect will originate from the teacher having good knowledge. Good knowledge is the teacher's prerequisite for good teaching.