Taching a subject can be a very difficult task. Especially if you teach a subject that doesn't seem very interesting to a lot of the students. Therefore it is very important for a teacher to be able to motivate a class even if they don't really like the idea of sitting in school and listening to the things he is talking about. In order to motivate a class propperly it is important for a teacher to relate to students and to know his class. 

Nobody can know everything! If you teach a class and interact with the students, questions will come up. Some of them a teacher can imagine in advance and can be able to prepare an answer. Now a question can be asked  to which the teacher did not prepare an answer and maybe doesn't even know one. This can happen to everyone and is completely humaine but if this happens to a teacher that is liked by his students it will not be a big deal since he can relate to the students and in exchange they can relate to him. But if this happens to a teacher that is not liked by his students it is kind of a big deal. All of them will question his knowledge and even his authority and this is not quite what a teacher wants.

Hence, teachers have to know about their subject. A teacher how does not know enough abot the subject he is teaching will not be able to explain it to his students in any way. Knowing about a subject does not mean knowing everything about it but beeing certain about the important topics and not having to read everything off a sheet of paper. The teacher must be comfortable teaching his subject and he can only achieve this by having a brought knowledge about it.

To motivate a class a teacher has to know all of his students and has to be able to relate to their position. A motivated class is worth much more than a unmotivated one. You can achieve much more goals and they are also able to take up much more of to subject if they are motivated. A teacher does not always have to stick to only his subject but can tell everyday stories where the subject comes in charge to make the class less dry and boring. Telling stories about disagreements in everydaylife during law class for example serves as a very good twist in the very dry and literarry class.

To conclude I think that a teachers task is not only to deliver knowledge about a given subject but to educate students for their future life. Don't get me wrong... They do not have to raise them but it is important that a teacher knows and uderstands his students and makes a class around them rather than foring them around a class. Therefore it is much more important to be able to rlate to students than to have an excellent knowledge about the subject a teacher is teaching.


