We all love it when we get along with our teachers as we spend a lot of time with them in our daily life. Also they do have an unexpectedly high impact on the development of students and what they will do when they grow up. But what if the teacher is nice, but ot educated enough to teach a certain subject? This question makes us ask: What defines a good teacher? And most of all: Which factor is the most important? In this eassy i will try to answer this question.

Teachers are first of all responsible for a students education. They work in a school to pass their knowledge to young people, so they get a deeper understanding of a certain subject. Principally, their role in society is to make sure that there are enough mature and intelligence young adults to run the future of a counrty or even the world. So what can there be worse, than a teacher who doesn't know what he's talking about? The reason we sit in school all day is to learn the most importantthings for our future life, teached by an expert of a subject. If a teacher doesn't know what he's supposed to teach, or just isn't educated enough himself, then he shouldn't be allowed to teach. Students must also be able to ask questions, and if a teacher is simply not able to answer it in a satisfying way, students won't be able to learn as much as when a teacher would know more than he

But if we are honest, every student dislikes a teacher that is socially incompetent. Of course does not everyone like the same type of people and there will always be some teachers we prefer over others. Nevertheless, teachers have a more social kind of job than engineers for example. They work with human beings, not machines nor robots. Especially in the critical teenage years, it is important that students have teachers who are not just educatet in their subject, but also educated in life. Beside the parents, they have an incredible impact on the forming of a young adults character, which part in society he will find himself, which values he's going to opt for, what he will vote. because of all that great responsibility that comes to a teacher, he should definitely be able to give fragile students the feeling of being understood and supported in an important stage of life.

In the end, I don't think one can come to a conclusion of which aspect is the more important one, as the are probably equally important as the are different.

For me personally, the educational aspect is more important. Student judge in a really tough way. As soon a si realize that the teacher is incompetent, bno matter how nice he is, i can't take him seriously anymore. I will lose respect and motivation.