The answer to this question can be dual.

Having a teacher who relates very well with students can give the class a very comfortable feeling so as making them able to pay more attention to what that teacher is teaching rather tha being afraid of making an error in front of him. Specially because today, society relies strongly on personal connections rather then just doing what somebody demands for. People are more likely to listen and learn from somebody who they know and who respects, understands and knows the people he is teaching to. Never the less, if a teacher simply can`t control his class becuase he isn`t able to understand his students, he will never be able of teaching them something.

But relating that well with your students can also bring in difficulties. If students start to see the teacher as a friend and not as a teacher anymore, they wont pay the demanded attention in class or not take him seriuosly enough. Specially a teacher must be a master and represent a sort of excellency in the subject he  teaches, instaed of bothering how to enteratin the students in the way they would like him to. That is a mjor responsablity because the students will leave school knowing what the teacher thought them, so he practically can`t and shouldn`t afford to make any mistakes or being undegraduated in what he teaches. Despite of today`s  easy acces to information and knowledge through internet, students wont search every single thing the teacher thought them to prove if it`s right. And it wouldnt be the right system anyway, having a student proofing if it is right what is being thaught to him.  

In conlussion, a teacher must treat his class with the appropriate respect, accept eachs personality to a certain level and have the demanded knowledge of his subject.
In exchange, stundents must respect their teacher, know that he is the bigger authority and and behave accordingly in class.   

But in my opinion, the excellency of what is being taught is vital for the classe`s future. 