The ability to relate well with students is more and more very important for a teacher to have good lessons with his class. Earlier was this point very irrelevant in the school. The parents often tell their stories about their school diaries. The teacher have beaten the students and were very hard to them.The students had a lot of respect from their teacher and their goal was only to learn the students something. Eraly the teacher had a big knowledge about their subject.But today is the part to have a good relation to the students very important to teach well. The relation between students and teacher have a big importance today.

 First of all the relation with the students is an important part in the life of a teacher. When the students like their teacher they have the ability to learn the subject better. This is proved from a scientific study. When the like their teacher and the teacher is accepted by the students they will learn more and will be better in the exams. Students who have a good relations with their teacher will also do more the homework. 

But second the teacher has to be very careful. If their relation is too good the students will see them like a friend and the level of respect will become worse. And so they will not learn better. The teacher has to keep a distance to his students. 

Third a good relation to the sstudents is not enough to learn them a subject. The teacher has to be a competent person in his profesion and has to know the things about his subject carefuly. So the most important ability of a teacher is to know the things of his subject and to have a good knowledge about his subject.

To conclude I would say that both points are important during the work of a teacher but to have knowledge about the subject is the basis for a good and qualitatif class. The teacher has to know the relevant things about his subject and has to have a big knowledge. But how he gives his knowledge to the students is also very important and when there is a good relation with the students is it easier to achieve that aim to give the knowledge to them.