To the statement if it's more important that a teacher can relate to the students than his excellent knowledge of the subject are in fact many arguments that agree and disagree. In our current situation as students it's of course important to be aware of that. First, for every teacher it's of course important to have a good relationship with the students. When a teacher can relate to his students they often enjoy his classes and with that the subject he teaches. Students who like a subject and look forward to the lessons are probably more concentrated and learn more. On the other hand if a teacher isn't fully sure about certain things concerning the subject he may not be able to answer the questions of his students or even worse answers them wrong. Young people in school believe what a teacher tells them, why wouldn't they? So when they're taught something wrong their knowledge is in the end false. If the teacher writes an exam it may not be a big problem because the teacher was the one to make the mistake in the first place, the problems occur later. When one is about to study or starts to work in a job you need that certain information it is a great disadvantage if you don't have the right facts. Of course, teacher have to have a certain knowledge to even be employed by a school so cases like that are probably extremely rare. A teacher that is aware of how the students feel, that they are not really interested in some of the information he tells them, can make his lessons more attractive to them. There are many ways a teacher can design his classes better. Students usually don't like when lessons are all the same so a teacher can use many strategies to teach. It's way easier to understand difficult things when the one that teaches knows that something is difficult for you. Students who have a patient teacher who is willing to explain some things twice of even three times reach often a better result than others. In my opinion both characteristics are very important. For a teacher who works at a college I think it's more important to have a great knowledge than to relate with his student. In the end it counts what the students learn and now if they like the teacher. Of course it's easier to understand certain things if your teacher has the ability to explain good, but if he himself isn't quite sure about what he teaches, it's your problem later, not his. 