In the time being a student, which is more than half of my lifetime, I have got to know several different kinds of teachers. I had dealt with both teachers being able to relate well with students and those who were not, and I've got to know very competent teachers as well as very incompetent ones regarding the subject they were paid to teach.

It is very important, in my opinion, that a teacher is able to maintain the class and he is able to get the students to like him and to pay him respect. In many cases, this is far more important than pure knowledge, that the teacher may have but that's not helpful if he (or she) isn't able to transmit the facts from his brain to those of his (or her) students. Especially teachers teaching school to younger students need to be able to relate well with the students for they can create something the Germans call "Wissensdurst", the thirst of knowledge. An example for that are my first english lessons in primary school; our teacher didn't have excellent knowledge of the language she was teaching and one could hear her very strong accent when she was speaking. But those circumstances didn't ruin the english language for me. And neither did this lovely old woman ruin my pronounciation in english; Nowadays I can speak English fairly well and without an accent if I want to.

On the other hand there are teachers who don't even seem to have basic knowledge in the subject they are teaching. Very often those teachers simply do what the textbook told them to do. And sometimes those teachers are able to relate very well with the class. But that doesn't help much when their style of teaching gives the students reason to assume that those teachers have won their teachers diploma in the lottery. I have dealt with those teachers in the "Gymnasium". Those bad teachers can actually ruin a language for students or an other subject. That is bad. Bad things shouldnt' happen.

All in all, I think that one does not exclude the other. Both aspects are important but their importance varies regarding the age of the students. One can visualise that imagining a graph where the x-axis is the age of the students. The y-axis is the importance of the two aspects. As I said, both of them are very important. But in my opinion the ability to realte well with students describes a descending curve whereas the need for excellent knowledge describes an ascending curve. I hope that has helped for understandign. 
But you know the optimum is a teacher having both qualities. But that is utopian.