The theme of this essay is the following statement: "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." And with my experiences with a lot of different teachers I will write a critical essay about this topic.

At first, I think there are a lot of bad teachers with whom I have made my experiences. But I have to say there are also a numbre of great teachers with which I have learned a lot and I am thankful about their existence, because of them I have the pleasure to study in their subjects. The most important thing of a teacher is, when he brings a human feeling with. And a teacher's ability to relate well with students is such a human feeling. 

I think it is also important, when a teacher brings happiness and pleasure with. In my opinion I learn a lot more from a teacher with pleasure than from a unhappy teacher, who made his job just for the money. I can talk about two examples about my years at the Kantonsschule Wettingen. There is a teacher, who is a very unsocial person and I think he is also an unhappy guy with his whole life. He hasn't the pleasure to teach. He does it, because he get money with this job. And I don't like to go in his lessons. I have the feeling he isn't very interessted in the 'bad students'. He just looks for the good one in the class, because they are of his niveau. And I think this is the false way to teach. Another example, we have a great teacher in physics. Every lesson is very interesting and I learn a lot. He prepare his lessons with a great structur. Physics aren't my favorit subject, but with his pleasur I get also very convident in this metier.

But I think it is also very important, when a teacher brings an excellent knowledge of the subject with. Because the students wants to learn something. And it is important that the teachers hat this knowledge of the subject. Another example, our biology teacher has an extremly knowledge about his subject and he is also very informed about the actuel studies. He has the pleasure to learn something new and to talk about it in his lessons. But in every lesson he has to tell us, how important his person is. He knows a lot of great and excellent people in this subject and we have to thank him about his connections, because we can profite from him. Yes it is sure that we can profite of him and his knowledge, but it is very special, when he puts himself in every lesson in the middle point. I want learn something from him, but when he talks always about his connections, it is very hard to go in his classes.

Finally I think that students can't chose the teachers. In my opinion I think it is important, when a teacher has the quality of both points. A teacher has to teach with an ability to r relate well with students and also with a excellent knowledge. (... the time is over!!!)

