Having a good relationship with a teacher always helps to encourage students to listen more carefully and study harder. If a student enjoys a class, it is more or less because they like the teacher as a person and a authority. 
An excellent background knowledge of the subject is always a good approach to start teaching. If a teacher is to encourage students to work harder, it is more important to get along with them rather than knowing ever detail about a grammar topic. 

Personally, I prefer teachers who have an open personality and like to share some bits of their lives. Sometimes they even use some anecdotes of their lives to introduce a new topic. When listening to those stories, a student  realizes that this teacher isn't at all an evil person,and that they only want to help us to grow smarter and more mature. 

In the contrary there are teachers that want to move on with the subject as fast as possible and then the classes are getting more boring, even if the students learn about everything they need to know. Those classes are always straight forward and there's no such thing allowed as chatting in class. This teacher thinks with teaching more, the students will know more for the future.

The overall improvement is most likely better in the class where the teacher tells personal anecdotes now and then, rather than where the teacher is straight forward. That's because the student see how the real world is connected with the subject and they want to find more about it, so they can educate themselves further if they'd like to.
With the second kind of teacher this isn't the case as much. The students might get thrown off track because the lessons might feel really long and boring. When it's time to study for a test, these students aren't looking forward to it and might not give their best to understand all the deails and complexities.

Therefore I agree with the following statement: A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.