An important quality a teacher should have is to be able to explain the subject in a way that most of the students can understand but also having a certain relation to the students. But what is more helpful in the process of learning? Is it the way a subject is being taught or is it more important what information a teacher can give you?
Firstly, a teacher who has been studing his subject for many years without also improving his way of teaching probaby won't be able to transmit the information in a student friendly way. For an expert it is hard to explain the basics to a beginner and therefore a teacher with a lot of knowledge is not automatically a good teacher. Without any social contact to the students it is nearly impossible to help and support them because teachers should be on a more or less equal social level with their students. 
However, having a teacher who is very socialized doesn't assure that he is a good teacher, either. Especially for very ambitious students who want to learn as much as possible it is not necessary to relate very well with the teacher. A good relation won't help if a student asks questions that the teacher is not able to answer. In this case, it is a disadvantage for the student, that could be avoided. Furthermore, teachers must teach their subject in detail but without excellent, or at least good knowledge this will be quite difficult. 
Another point is the level and age of stundents. In primary school it is more important to relate well with the teacher than in university. Children are much more focused on their teacher than older students so it is essential for them to have a close relation with their teacher because often teachers are also role models for young students. In addition, the knowledge a student already has influences the question, whether social contact is important or not, a lot. 
In my opinion, a teacher must have a ballance. Having a teacher who knows everything does not necessarily mean that I will understand what he wants to teach me but especially in subjects I want to learn more than just basics it is inevitable to have a well informed teacher. 