The teacher is supposed to be the one person who students can and should ask questions to about a specific subject being taught. Now think of a teacher that could not answer a question of one of his students. The student would go out of the classroom without the answer, which the teacher, who studied that subject for multiple years, did not gave him.
Now if one thinks of a teacher who perhaps does not always relate well with all of his students, but one that could answer a question brought up by his student. Which teacher would one prefer? Would the student not be better off with the one teacher who in fact did answer him his questions?

First of all, one has to ask oneself the question which students and which subject is being talked off. Not every single subject requires the same ability to interact with students. Moreover, the age of the students is important as well, because one can not compare the teaching of students in secondary school and in kindergarden.
Teaching in kindergarten does not take as much ability to relate with childen, as teaching in secondary school or perhaps even high school. In kindergarden children are forced by their parents and the educational system to at school. This is not the case with children and young adults in high school, as most of the time they do not attend school out of compulsory. Therefore, it takes a lot more ability to relate with students when teaching in higher education. 

Even though the ability to relate with students is important, what should not be forgotten is the actual knowledge of the subject being taught. If a teacher does not have the aproppriate skills to teach, he will not make a good teacher. The students will not be able to have their questions answered by the teacher, which should be the most important aspect of teaching. If the student wants to learn something, it is of uttmost importance that the teacher has excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
Therefore, the aspect of a teachers ability to relate with students is way less important.

Conclusively, I would say that even though both aspects play an highly important part in teaching, an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught benefits the students more in a lot of different perspectives. In retrospective the student should be the one benefitting from the eductational systems. And an excellent knowledge is in this case way more important than a teacher's abilty to relate well with students.
