A teacher's abilitiy to relate well with students is very important in my opinion. As a student, I can say that I experienced more than one time that I like to go to lessons when I like how the teacher is creating his lessons. The relation between a teacher and his students is very important. Students can learn better in a relaxed atmosphere. Of course it is important too that the teacher really has a good knowledge about the subject he is teaching. But when none of the students like to go to the teacher's lesson, they will not learn anything because they are bored. Students only learn when they want to learn and they automatically do when the lessons are made interesting. And I do not think it is a bad thing to look up some facts about the accurent topic. Nobody knows everything and when the lesson is well prepared, it does not matter if the teacher looked up some facts before the lesson. The result is the same. But when these facts are told by a person, that relates well with students, they are more likely to remember these facts.
But the higher the level gets, the better has to be the teacher's knowledge because the the topics become more comlicated. It is mostly important that a teacher can relate to his studens in lower classes like primary school for example, to get the children motivated. When they are older, most of them realised what they learn for and that school is not just boring and. For the higher classes I would recommend a teacher with an excellent knowledge of the topic he is teaching, especially when the teacher is preparing his students for an universitiy for example. There, knowledge is more important than sympathy between teacher and students. It always depends on what the students' goals are. When they are preparing for important exams for example, then is knowledge surely more important. When it is just a chosen subject because the students like it, then it does not have to be so strictly. Then the students are there because they have fun with the topic and they should not loose that just because they can not relate to the teacher. 