On my opinion it's one of the most important things that a teacher doesn't just stand in front of the class and is holding a speech  with no interest if the students get the things he says. The teacher's job is to help the education of the students and to show them the rhings in a way they can get it. So if he sees that a class is really good with texts and individual work it would be a shame if he would always talk and never let them study on their own. He has to relate on some level to the students, he has to understand how their learning works and how they can keep things, so he has to interact with them so he can adjust the way of teaching.

But a teacher who doesn't really know what he is teaching is more or less useless. Even if he adjusts the lessons well for the students, if he teaches wrong or too short amounts of information the whole teaching thing doesn't add up. He can make the most fabulous lessons with no context and the students won't learn anything. 

A good teacher should know his subjects and should adjust his lessons. For that he has to relate to his students. I don't mean he has to totally remake his plan, but some adjustments are normal. 

So i wouldn't say a teacher who relates to his students is better than one who knows his subject excellent. One who knows his subject is often passionate about it, otherwise he wouldn't have studied it. With this passion sudents can often be very interestet in the subject. BUt if the teacher only knows the subject well and can't really relate to the students, the student won't learn much, without knowing how students can take the informatons best, it's just frustrations on both sides. The teacher can't see any progress of the students and the students have a realy hard time learning things they can't understand because of not adjusted lessons. A teacher should be able to do both, have an excellent knowledge of his subject and relate, at least a bit, to his students.

So my answer is that i disagree eith the statement.