
Essay: A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
There are a lot of discussions about how a teacher should teach and which qualities and qualifications are most important to teach well. The statement above is a controversial statement about this topic. I will first write arguments for the statement and after that arguments against the statement. 

Firsty, It's really important, that a teacher is able to relate well with the students. Without this ability, they won't listen to him. It doesn't matter -in this case- how big his knowledge of the subject is, when he can't teach his knowledge the students. So it doesn't matter how big his knowledge is, when nobody is able to use it.

Furthermore, the ability to motivate and inspire people is much more important than only knowledge. Without the talents and ablilities to inspire, motivate and to let the students participate all the knowledge of the world is useless for a teacher. His job is not only to know a lot, his job is to teach this knowledge the next generation.

Furthermore, education is changing. In the age of digitalisation and globalisation it is not important to know a lot of pure facts (like maybe 50 years ago), so it is more important, how to get knowledge and information and how to use them, and how to think critical. Because of this the pure knowledge of the teacher about facts gets more and more useless. It is much more important, to teach the students how to use the facts and information and how to create new things out of it. How to be creative, how to be visionary. So the experience- and not the knowledge- of the teacher is getting more and more important.

On the other hand, without a solid -or even excellent- knowledge of the subject, all the talents and experiece of the teacher to inspire and motivate the students are useless. He's propably a genius how to teach people, but when he knows nothing about the subject, than there is nothing to teach.

In conclusion, the ideal mix of being able to relate well with the students and the excellent knowledge of the subject is the most important thing. Both sides are important, but it depends how old the students are, how the digitalisation is developping and so on, to see which side is in the specific situation (geographical region, time, tudents themselves) more important.

