A teacher needs to have a good connection to the students. This statement can be supportet with these arguments. A teacher with a good ability to relate well with students can say more easily than teachers without what the students exactly need and which exercises them help. They can support their students easy and bring them further then a teacher who just makes his job without caring about his students. Also when a teacher can relate well with his students they can make in their lessons a better feeling for his students, the students are getting interested of what he is doing and what he trys to say to them. Also they are more activly take apart in the lesson. They are more willing to learn. But against this statement we can also say much things. At first we must ask us for what we can use a teacher who has it real good with the students but knows absuletly nothing about the subject he is here to taught. He can not give them what he should give, he is not able to teach them what they should learn. Well this idea absoletly sucks. What sense does it make to have a dumbass who has it good with these kids but absolutely knows nothing? With such a teacher we are not helping our students. It is important that the teachers know what they should teach and can easily explain it because he knows everything about it. Also a negative point in this statement is that we want more that our teachers has it good with the students instead that we want that our students learn something at our school. 
My own opinion is, I think we can read it out the text a little bit, that teachers should have more knowledge on the subject instead of having the ability to relate well with students. Because what do teachers bring to us who understand our students and can have fun with them, but absolutely just knows shit about the subject he should teach. Of cours it is a positive thing when the teacher can relate well with the students. But this ability is just efficient when he also has knowledge of the subject he is surposed to teach. If we have a teacher can do both of it very very good, he is the ultimate teacher and you should absolutely hire him. But when he not it is better when he has more knowledge then this ability to relate well with students.