Is a good realationship to the students or a wide knowledge about the thought subject better? Here are some arguments for and against the statement.
In general the job of a teacher is to teach students about their subject. If a teacher relates well with his students they can build up a good relationship. Not a friendship but a relationship to be understood correctly. This will result in students showing respect toward the teacher and taking him serious. Following the teacher will be happy to teach the class again and can make a more interesting lesson for all parties. With interesting lessons they can learn faster and better. Also they will take part at interactive activities during school-time.
On the other hand there are many disadvantages by relating well but not having an excellent knowledge of their subject. Firstly the students do not get to know enough about the subject. Very often people can't teach very well if they hardly know the subject themselve. If their knowledge is the same they have to teach and do not know it perfectly students will start to doubt the teachers ability to teach. For example if a student has a peronal-interest question and the teacher does not know an answer they will start to think the teacher has no clue of the subject he teaches. worse when the teacher does not know any answer to the question the students askes. Therefor the lessond become unbound and a bit loose. The students may not be taking part in the lessons or take it oo easy.

In my oppinion a well relating teacher and a teacher with an excellent knowledge about the subject are both bad teachers. It is importand to be doing both. If the teacher does not know anything about the subject the students do not learn anything. The same if a teacher does not relate well with students they will not learn anything. For me a teacher has to be able to do both. Maybe some teachers are better one thing or the other but only one would not do the job. What would a caramel pudding be without caramel?