My mother is a school directrice and was more than twenty years a teacher, my fahter is a teacher, my brother is goint to be a theacher, he is at the "Pädagogische Hochschule Zürich" to become a teacher.
But not only my family is a teachers-family, also any of my grand-parents were, my aunt is a teacher, and so one...
For that, we discuss things like this statement a lot.
Luckely, we all have the same opinion, for this statement. We all think, that the relationship between kids and a teacher is much more important than the knowledge of the subject. Sure, the subject is also very important to teach, but when you are able to motivate the children, that they would like to learn a language, prodiuce much more progress as damming the children to learn 300 vocabularys and that the teacher have a perfect pronanciation. I see it know also at the "KZO": Like you read, I'm not pretty good in English. Maybe because I was in the last year, they started to teach English at the secondary school and not like now at the primary school. But I think I am quite good in French, also because I passed a year in the part of Switzerland, where they talk French. But our English teacher is very motivated and I prefer the subject, against our French teacher, where we do nothing and she is a horribly teacher, also when she is a real nice person, when you speak with her after school.

But we aren't agree with the opinion from the others in our family about school subject every time. The last time, you were able to vote, 5/21, we had two votes for the "Fremdspracheninitiative" and two against. The "Fremdspracheninitiative" wants, that there would only be one second language be teached in the priamry school, not like today English and French. I voted for the "Fremdspracheninitiative" maybe because I am not as good in Englisch as I would like to be.

But maybe this "Fremdspracheninitiative" wasn't really important, like we saw, the subjects or the knowledge of the subject doesn't count, it's the teacher's ability to relate well with students.