Teacher's most important qualities

The aim of this essay is to show which quality is the most important for teachers to bring with. There are very different kinds of teachers: Some that have an excellent relationship with their students and some that are very professional in the subject they teach, but may not be very liked by students. There are advantages and disadvantages for both qualities. 

On one side, students like their teacher better if he is able to relate well with them. This may have the consequence that students listen more attentively and carefully, which would mean that they automatively learn more. In addition, the sympathy one has towards a teacher is often directly linked with how much one likes a certain subject. For example, students are more likely to like maths if their maths teacher is friendly and gets along well with them. If a subject is liked, the probability that a student spends more time for this subject than for other subjects becomes higher, which would of course be an advantage. 

On the other side, it is often argued that it is not very professional if a teacher gets along very well with the students, because that can often lead to the problem that information is not taught in an exact way. It's the duty of teachers in schools to prepare the students for their later life in the best way possible. Many students aspire to go to university after school, so it's extremely important for them to already have a basic knowledge. And needless to say, the knowledge they have must be precise. This would mean that it is more important that teachers have and pass on the information of their subject exactly. This only works under the condition that they also have an exact knowledge of their subject. Further, in future lives of students, they will not always find people who will be easy to work with. For example, if one considers the example with university again: There, students have no relationship with their professor at all, and they must still be able to learn. 

In my opinion, as students become older, it is better if teachers have an excellent knowledge of their subject than if they are able to relate well with them. I do think though, that when students are still very young, it is more important that teachers are able to pass the information in an interesting way and get along well with their students, because for younger students, preparation for their later life is not so important yet and they better take up information if they like the teacher and the subject.  