Relations with teachers in school are important and help students to understand the subject better. But many teachers do not know how to present their subjects in an easy and intresting way. That way, students do not pay attention and learn the subject for a very short time.
Is it more important that teachers can relate well with students or that they have a huge knowledge of their subject being taught?

On one hand it is important to know how to relate with students. If a teacher doey not know how to relate with his students there will be a lack of interest and they will not be willing to pay attention during a whole lession. They might know something about the subject some days before and after the exam, but later on they forget most of it.

On the other hand it is not the students business to look after the relation with their teachers. They should be able to work with anybody, independent on their relation. They need to focus on what they learn, not on how to take care of relations.

The problem is that if a teacher only relates to the subject, the students feel like a number. It seems unnecessary to attend school because the teacher give them a feeling of being unimportant. Also, if students get misunderstood it is hard for them to link up with the subject and to like the teacher.

Still students need the knowledge being taught of the teacher for their future. Many subjects are related to future jobs and students should learn the important things. If teachers care to much on relations they might lose time to teach the students the important topics.

Finally I think that the best solution is a balance between a good relation and knowledge being taught. A teacher should care about their students and also care about what they learn in his class. For me, it is a waste of time teaching a subject if no one listens to the teacher because they have no relation at all. If a teacher has a good relation to his students, they are also willing to learn more and keept the important facts in mind.