We've all had him - the teacher who's everyone's favorite because he is nice and understanding, but has no idea what he's actually talking about and is completely incompetent in the subject that's being taught. This poses the question: Is a teacher's ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?
The first argument supporting the statement is that if students can identify with a teacher, because he or she is very likeable, they are more likely to have a good relationship with the teacher and like him or her. This leads to better learning of the subject, because classes are taken more seriousely and students want to impress their teachers by participating and trying to get good grades. The teacher also gets taken more seriousely, because he or she has a better authority when they makes the class feel like he knows what they're going through. According to a recent study, students also tend to be more motivated to learn and study in classes where the teacher is nice and likeable. 
On the other hand, a nice and likeable teacher doesn't necessairily mean that students are going to learn a lot. For example, let's take a young woman who just graduated from her teacher school. She can relate to the students, because she just recently went through the same situations, but she might also lack the ability to teach. The students can like her as much as they want and take her and the class very seriousely, but when she doesn't have the skills to teach a class correctly, nothigh gets learned. If the relationship with a teacher is too good, there's another issue that can influence how much gets learned in a class, because humans enjoy talking to people they like, make jokes and goof around, and that is not very constructive for the working climate in a class. The talking part steals many important minutes from teaching and learning actual school subjects and the content of the class gets in some way neglected or is just the secondary part in school, when that is what should actually be done in school. Also if the knowledge lacks, nothing can even be learned and a good relationship does nothing good. 
In my opinion, a teacher that relates well to students and therefore treats them good and gets liked, can be constructive for a class, as long as it is just moderate. But in the end, the knowledge is more importand, because without is, school is useless and without a good relationship to the teacher, things can still be learned, not only for the subject but also for life, as students then learn how to deal with people they don't get along with. 