You and your teacher

Don't you hate it when there is some stupid guy standing infront of you in the classroom. You don't know him really well, he just kind of stands there talking about endless long facts. When the bell rings he grabshis things and walks out of the classroom without even considering saying goodbye. Now thats the kind of teacher we all like.
Not really, he's a nightmare. He might be a genius who knows every thing about his subject but he lacks the social skills. In his lesson you don't pay attention because the boredom would straight up kill you. Now the exact opposite is the one that you like. But not too much that would be creepy. Anyway he tries to get you to pay attention in his lesson. And it works! You are motivated and learn stuff. But he has to look up lots of thingsyou ask him. He doesn't know his subject nearly as well as his counterpart.
Both of the described teachers are going to get annoying really soon. But the thesis says that the second type is far better. I disagree, the second one lets call him Tim, has a lot of faults. In Tims lesson you might be motivated to learn but you simply can't. He isn't able to teach you stuff he doesn't know. On the contrary the first one now called Max has a lot of faults too. Max gives you far to much information. It's just to much for you to take in. And with Maxes lecturing style you aren't even trying to understand what he is telling you.
If you have the luck to get a teacher that is a mixture of Tim and Max you just hit the jackpott. This Teacher called Sam is able to give you lots of information and make you participate in his lessons. His lessons are a chore. You like him and also respect him for the knowlege he posesses.
With that said in a nuttshell the thesis isn't right. It might have something to it but I don't see it. A perfect teacher is versityle. He kowns a lot and includes you in to his lessons.
Also needless to say no teacher is always better than even the perfect one because you get to take a break.