Having a teacher who can relate with the students is always something good. But empathy being favorised over knowledge is a bit radical. I will explain my subjective opinion in this little essay.

At the Kanti Wohlen, we have alot of differnt teachers. Most of them, baring a few exeptions, have excellent knowledge. At our grade, it is important to have this knowledge at a very high level. Even if the teacher isn't the most relatable, we can learn the important topics with a little help of different sources and each other. At this point, empathy is not the most important thing. But looking back ten years, the situation is very different. As a little boy, having teachers wich respected the kids and made the lessons more fun were the favorised teachers. Not having to work as hard as today, creating a nice atmosphere in the classroom was an art. If you have teachers wich can motivate and relate with you, your opinion on school and learning in general gets alot better. This clears your way to higher studies and makes life in general easier. But as i aged, i didn't need the relatability of the teachers as much as i needed before. I learnt to push myself further and further without external help. As of now, i'm craving for more and more knowledge. If a teacher can put an anectode of their life into the lessons, it makes everything more fun. But it isn't the most important thing anymore.

A generalisation of the question if knowledge or empathy for the qualification of a teacher is more important is not possible. Many deciding factors influence this. It depends alot of the age of the kids wich are being taught. You can't compare firstgraders or highschoolers. Little kids do need the ability of teacher to relate with them. They seek someone who understands them and makes their lifes funny. But at our age, we are almost ready to enter the competition of university and life in general. Every tiny little bit of knowledge is sacred and having more of it is critical. Having a teacher who relates with us is nice to have, but not nescessary. We are adults anyway and this makes relating to a teacher easier itself. 
