A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. But how true is this statement? Is the social skills of a teacher really more important than the execellency in a subject? Or is the best way to teach something completely different?
First of all it's obviously important that a teacher knows his or her subject well, otherwise a teacher can't explain and teach the subject to the students. A great knowledge of the subject can improve the learning experience of the students because their understanding and knowledge can grow far more if their questions can be answered throughfully and correct. At the same time the teacher can teach them more than just the mandatory themes and with that make them understand the complexety of a subject. On the opposite you can argue that even if a teacher has a execellent knowledge, if they can't relate with the students and understand them, then they might not know how to teach them and how the students can learn the best. Everyone knows it, the one really old teacher who teaches the same way he did 30 years ago. My experience showed that most of the times those teacher can't really relate to the students and the lessons get boring since they don't consider new ways of approching and fascinate them with the subject. The resultis that most of students don't like the subject and with that their grades are not as good as the could be. 
What is more important? The execellent knowledge of a teacher or how well they can relate? In my opinion it's very important to have a good balance between those two things. Having a great knowledge helps in the way that we can ask many questions and know that the teacher knows what he or she is talking about. But it's also very important that a teacher can relate to us. Being a student can be quite a lot sometimes, so it's always great if a teacher can relate to our situations or problems and adapt their lessons to us. It makes the subject and the learning easier and more fun. 
