Many people think that general empathy is more important than having a PhD in the subject a teacher teaches.
But how do the parties argument?

Some people say it's more important that the teacher has a wide knowledge of the sujcet he teaches, simply for the fact that students are in school to study. They think of student brains like sponges which soak up all the knowledge they receive. Also they think that if you actually want to have further information he or she will probably be able to give them to you.
On the contrary some people (we're going to call them b-Types) think that this is conservative. They say that this mindset  remindes them of the old days were techers used to discipline their students if they weren't listening or doing well at school, they would even go as far as humiliate them in front of the class. Back in those days students used to be afraid of their teachers because they were pressured. And for feeling this pressure some students even got worse in school.
Research shows, that the b-Types are actually right. There have been many studys which suggest that a healthy and fun lesson helps students to learn faster and NACHHALTIG. If the lesson is more fun and they like their teacher they start to like studying and going to school, and these neurotransmitters that are realeased when you feel joy help you study more consciously.
On the other hand if you have a teacher you like but he or she doesn't really know something about the topic he should teach you in, there's nothing that the brain can absorb and therfore learn. 

As for my opinion... I think that you should be able to relate to your teacher, so studying seems fun and you actually like to  get the world around you to know but I think that teachers and professors need to have a good understanding of their subject. Hence I think that there is nothing better than sitting in a lesson/ lecture with a teacher A you like and B has a broad knowledge so that if you have any questions he can answer them to your satisfaction. So therefore I think it's necessary to have a mixture of both!