The teachers help their students in a big part of our life. So they have a great influence on both, their lifes and their future. But is the relation to their students more important than the excellent knowledge of their subject?

A pro would be that having fun going to school is realy making a difference. Because you have to go for minimum nine years to school and hating every day there would have a negative effect on the students. Knowledge doesn't make you happy.
If the teacher gives his students some tips for the future, they learn more about life. Because things like that you will always be able to remember and they're bringing you forward in many social aspects, for instance making new friends. But knowledge is easy to forget.
Another point is that the students have someone to talk to. So if there's something wrong, for example they've a problem at home or with a classmate, zhey can talk about it with their teacher.
To sum up the pros the teachers has a big influence on his students, so he has to have a good relationship with them.

For every pro there's a con. For instance there's a meaning behind going to school. The school should give all the knowledge to use later in your job. It might be that knowledge isn't very important in your profession. But when you want to go to university,you have to have a great knowledge about your subject. School was built for education and not for having a gaad relationship with the teachers. Because relationship is neither a subject nor a proffesion. That's why education is important and should be number one priority.

In my opinion, a teacher should have a good relationship to his students aswell as having a excellent knowledge of his subject. Because like that his students are as prepared for life as they're for university. Both points are important and a good teacher should consider both. I experienced for myself how bad it is to not have fun in school. You should learnsomething and at the same time have fun to learn it. That's only possible if the teacher has a great relationship with his students. 

