The teachers' biggest problem is how to taught children the right thing without being hated by them. Their aim is to prepare students to the next level respectively to the next class. Things could be taught in different ways but it is complicate to stay with the respect from students during teaching. There are teachers who make everything for students like going often for an excursion to another places or to look mostly films during the lesson. Other teachers just follow their programmm strict and for them it is worthless to make anything with their students. But which solution is the write?

First of all if a teacher wants to teach something, doesn't matter what, he needs the attention of students. The problem is how to get their attention and to teach at the same time.

In one side there are different ways like giving many times gifts or just go and visit often other places .This would support the relationship and teachers would get the wished attention. The students would always looking forward to the lesson. Their interest would be awaken. At the other side the students wouldn't learn that much. They would do more stupid things while the teacher wants to explain an subject. That' s possible for the teacher have given them the playroom. Because of that the teacher would earn their kindness but not respect. He would only achieve that students  just like the way he design his lesson and not what he wants to give them on their way. In that way he last the respect.

So if a teacher is strict and is just teaching all the time he would achieve his aim. Students would learn the right thing accordign to the teacher. He would prepare them. The problem here is instead of teaching is the interest. Students would hate him and they wouldn't pay any attention.


In my point of view it is important that a teacher must be both. It's impotant to teach something in the right way. He needs to teach in a creative way, in that case it's important to have also a good relationship to the class. This could be reached by making compliments to the students like: "You were very good this lesson. It was a pleasure" if during the lesson the students had been attentive, or " Just get on. You'll get it step by step" if somebody wasn't that good. And sometimes a relationship with the teacher is less worth than the knowledge you get from him. It is important to have a balanced way of teaching.