Nowadays there are more and more voices which agree fully to this statement. Because they think you can't teach anything if the teacher doesn't know how to realte with students, how to explain the subject. A teacher does know, or know how to ask, what his students know already so the subject isn't to hard nor to easy. He must be able to take the students where they are.
Another arguement that helps the statement is, that a good human teacher can create a good learning atmosphere. Students feel comfortable, and as several studies prooved, people learn better in a place where the are well and where they don't fear anything. So if you're always scared that the teachers shouts at you, you may don't feel to good and with that you can't learn a lot, unimportant wheather you're teacher knows a lot or not. 
On the other hand: We are in school to learn, so an excellent knowledge of the subject is neccessarily. How could a teacher explain all the questions if he doesn't know about it? if I have a question, I want a good answer to it. A "bad" teacher, referring on his human skills, can also be a preparation for life. Which doesn't mean that we don't live at that point, such a teacher does rather not save us from every kind of human beeings. He doesn't make it easier to us and that's a chance for us to learn and grow. And who says that a teacher with excellent knowledge on almost every thing is going to be a hated person? Maybe he has just other plus points, so to answer all questions or by fascinating the audition with every so small link and unimportant but interesting or funny fact. My german teacher hasn't a great ability to relate well with students, but I like him for his knowledge.
Wouldn't the Non plus Ultra be a teacher with great abilitys to relate well with students AND an excellent knowledge of the subject? For that it seems more important to know how to deal with people rather than knowing every year number and all foreign expressions, because the second part is learnable, for the human skills it would be harder and take a longer time to learn all important things...
My personal opinion is to have first a good human and second a person with a big knowledge, because, as said in the last argument, someone can easier learn facts and dates instead of kind of changing character. For me it's also more important to "feel" the teacher, to know when he or she is in a bad mood or doesn't feel good. I want a trustful realtionship with every body around me, and that does include teachers too. On the other hand, I once had a french teacher who was that nice and kind and helped us a lot with personal problems, if we wanted so, but I didn't learn much French, and that wasn't my first choice too. So I think it should be a balance between the ability to realte well with students and the knowledge, which is very difficult to find, the perfect mix...



