To be a teacher you have to study the subject you teach. But there are possibillities to study 2 subjects at a time and one of them won't be your mayor subject, what means that the knowledge you archive in that subject won't be as big as the knowledge of some who only studyied this specific subject.
The most important thing about beeing a teacher is to know a lot about your subject. Because if you won't know an answer to the questions the pupils are going to ask you, you may appear a bit unsesure and you maybe won't be taken as serious as you wish. 
Of course you have to try to relate well with the students, but it's more important that you really know what you're talking about. The students are coming to learn as much as possible and beneth that it is really important that they learn to be selfdependend and to do their things alone. It's likely that if you relate too well with the students that they won't do things with the same efford, that they won't learn to do things alone and that they won't take the classes serious enough. But on the other hand, if you're too strict, it's possible that they get a little bit afraid of you and that they will have extra stress. They maybe won't dear to ask questions or to ask for help. If you relate really good with your students, you can help them to build up selfconfidence. They will talk to you if they're not feeling well and you might help them to concentrate more or give them tips how to study efficently. Students who suffer from stress aren't able to give their best and if it gets worse they could get extremly tired, give up or they could even get depressed. It for sure unbelivable important to support students, especially when they're young! Every kid is more motivated to study and to be active in classes when they like and trust their teacher. And if a teacher doesn't get to know his students he will never be able to help them. Despite that, students, especially if they're teenagers, don't really respect teachers if they feel that they don't care about them.
So my personal opinion is that in primary school it's extremly importat that the teacher relates well with his students. Children spend a lot of time in school and it builds part of their character. They would suffer a lot if they'd have a teacher that doesn't understand them and isn't able to talk to them, support them and help them. But as we get older, like now in high school, for me it's more important that the teacher has an excellent knowledge about his subject. It's very important that he can answer our questions and help us. Of coure I don't like not to relate well with a teacher, but it's not that important that it gets very personal, because somehow we have to learn to be selfdependet and to get our stuff done. It's a preperation for life, we won't always have a boss who cares about us or treats us like we'd like him to treat us. 