Many teachers have an excelllent knowledge about their subjects. But what if they can't explain it to the students, because they can't relate well with them? At my school there are some teachers who have a huge knowledge because they studied at universitiy and because they really interested in their subjects. But only few of them can really explain it to us students. This can have several reasons. One of them is the one decribed above.

If a teacher can not relate with the students and just talks in front ofthe class as if we are at university and should already know the stuff, he or she will lose the attention of the student. This leads to really boring lessons. Even for the teacher, as they have to make a monologue, because none of the students can participate in the lesson. Also many teachers who can't relate with the students, get annoyed by them asking questions. The teachers just don't understand why the students did't get it the first time they explained it.

On the other hand, even if the teacher does not have such a excellent knowledge, but if he can relate with the students, the lessons are way better. If the teacher makes the lesson on the level of the students, they will learn faster and easier than otherwise. The participation of the students will be better and the lessons will be more interessant. Even the teacher will like it better, because, if a student asks a question, he can discuss with the student on the same level and this will give variety to his daily work. 

For me as a student it is clear what is better. A teacher may have a huge knowledge, but if he can't explain it to me in a way I can understand, i can't take any profit out of it. So I personally like it better to have a teacher with a smaller knowledge but who can relate with me and who can understand me. Because if I have questions, I know i can ask, without being scared to annoy the teacher. I think, if you have a teacher who can relate well with the studetns, they can learn more in a shorter time eventhough he/she has not the biggest knowledge.