In the following text is discused wheather I agree or disagree with the following statement:
"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."

First of all it's always important that a teacher has the ability to relate well with the students. If a teacher hasn't got the controle over his class the students do whatever they want to do and because of this the teacher can't work with them anymore.
If he can deal with the students and they show that they respect him he is able to teach and the students are going to learn a lot of important things about a subjet. It's also very important that the teacher respects his students too and makes his lesson interessting. Nothing is more bad than a lesson you nearly fall asleep or a teacher only jells at you for no reason. If his lessons are interesting the students want to be a part in his lesson and they are willing to learn and work at the exercises.

Excellent knowledge for students is an important fact and a teacher's job is that the students get this knowledge. 
They are needing this knowledge so they can do their Abitur or any other end of school.
If they have their Abitur they are going to study and after this work somewhere and for the company they work for it's also important that tey have an excellent knowledge and that they know a lot of things.

In my opinnion both facts are very important for a student and his later life. That a teacher has the ability to relate well with students is a little more important because if he doesn't relate with them well they will hate the teacher. Of this follows that they don't want to go in his lessons and that they don't work like they could. This is followed by bad classtest and bad marks. If a student has very bad marks he could miss a class or he wouldn't get a job later and only because a teacher can't relate with his students like he should.
If a teacher can relate with them well he has the ability to teach and he is able to give his knowledge to his students. So the fact of the excellent knowledge is based on a great behavior between students and his teacher.

