The following text will comment on the statement 'A techer`s ability to relate is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 

At first it`s good and very important to have a good knowlegde of the subject being taught. Students must have the chance to being answered questions and also being received a good or very good answer, because if that doesn`t happen, the student doesn`t take the teacher very serious. 
Another important point is, that the teacher always has to have more or even better knowledge than the student to be able to answer the question and to make him or herself an autority person. 
The better the teacher`s knowledge is, the better the students get - a better final exam could be a result,which causes a very high thankfulness by the students to the teacher.

But I also think, that it`s important to be able to relate well with the students, because if a teacher only knows stuff of the subject and none of the students interests, business and human neccessaries, he or she might lose the  respect of the students towards him or her.
Also it`s very important to transfer human abilities towards the students, not only knowledge of a specific subject. Students are humans. They have to come along after their schoollife, maybe in a business, where it`s important to have like these human abilities, being a doctor, a kindergarden woman or maybe a therapist. But in every job later on, after their schoollifes, they have to work together with other people, live together with other people or even support their kids, if they want to get some. Niece or the neighbour`s son included.


So all in all I think, it`s pretty much more important to show the student`s the reality with human abilities, with whose they teach them all the stuff. Of course they must have a very good knowledge, to keep the respect of the students, but that is not as neccessary as the ability to relate is. I`m a familiar person and my experience with 'perfect-knowledge-teacher' is really bad, because they didn`t reach me, my sister or neither my parents, when they told me these stories from their past.They just talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk(you realize, that stuff ist annoying?)and they don`t stop, because they think, a student must be able to observe all the talked stuff and write it down the classes later on, because they remember everything, they taught once. That doesn`t work, because students are human too. Even very young human, so they have to be teached learning and the more important stuff like humanity at first. As a result, I agree whith that statement!