Which abilities are most importent for a teacher ? That is a hard and individual question, but i will present my thoughts to it as clear as possible.

How important is the teachers knowledge ? Of course people have the argument that, if a teacher doesn´t know enough about the subject he is teaching, it is going to be impossible for him to teach his students something abou the subject, with them understanding it. 
Is it even necessary that a teacher can relate to a student ? He is not supposed to be their friend, he is supposed to teach them something about they have to know that´s it, that is something people could say, but i think diffrently.

School is not only supposed to teach you knowledge about the certain subjekt, it is supposed to make you a person who is able to question thinks, it is supposed to make you a person with his own oppinion to certain toppics and if a teacher can´t relate to his student, if he doesn´t know how to make them a person like that, he can have the greatest knwoledge to every subject, but he won´t be able to be a good teacher.

I want to give an example, imagine the following:
A student is sitting in a math class and he has no clue about anything the teacher is talking about even though he is explaining it fluently and without making any mistakes. What would the student think in this situation ? He would question the sense of going to school, because he doesn´t have any reason for sitting in class and listening to the teacher.
If a teacher can realte to his students he might know about those thoughts and he could explain to him that it doesn´t really matter if he will get an A or a D in his exam, he could tell him that math is about teaching students not to be afraid of complicated problems, it is about trying and thinking about a way to solve every problem no matter how complicated it is and this skill can be transfered to real life.

All in all the teacher who can realte to his students is a lot better, because he can give them reasons for what they are doing even though he doesn´t have excellent knoledge of his subject. Doing or learning something without a reason has no sense, no matter how smart it might sound.  

