In the following, I will write an essay in order to be able to agree or disagree with the statement ''A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

On the one hand, the purpose of going to school has to be mentioned: 
Students go to school to learn something or to increase their common knowledge, but not to have a good relation with their teachers. 
Another point to support this argument is that the purpose of school also includes the development of a good behavior and social abilities. Therefore, it is necessary to deal with a person that appears as an authority, that represents wide knowledge, but not with a friend, because first, it is useful to learn how to deal with a person you do not like. Second a more distant relationship contributes to the learning of courtesy and other social abilities. Third, a profound knowledge also contributes to the individual development, not only becausing learning how to learn helps a good working morale, but also because it increases the self-confidence. 

On the other hand, it is contraproductive, concerning the learning process, if a teacher represents insecurity due to the lack of knowledge; in this case a student never can be sure whether he can rely on what the teacher says or not and he therefore will not learn it as well as if the teachers seems to know what he's talking about.

Nevertheless, there are some points that emphasize the importance of a good relation between teacher and students:
If a teacher succeeded to graduate from university, his knowledge cannot be that bad, so that the students in every case learn more than the basics.

Furthermore, a good relation contributes to the interest in a subject, so that, even if a teacher does not know everything about a subject, the student is more likely to be willing to do some research on his own.

Moreover, the good relation creates a deeply-rooted motivation in the student, which is useful, as far as the learning process is concerned.

All in all, I come to the conclusion that a good relation is more important.

 