We all have teacher we like and teacher we don't like in our school.
So our motivation to go to sport if we don't like our sport teacher is less higher than our motivation in mathematics if our mathematic teacher is like super cool.I totally agree with the statement. Most of the teacher have an enourmous knowledge of the subject they teach. But they are a lot of teacher who just don't know how to transmit this knowledge to the students. 
For example our teacher fof mathematics. He is such a cool guy and all the students like him. He ist funny, he makes jokes all the time and he is so fascinated in mathematics that you just have to love his lessons.I'm not a very good student in mathematics but I do my best because he just does his best to motivate us and this is a great help exspecially for students like me who aren't good in mathematics.
On the other side there is my physicteacher. I don't like how he teaches things to us and he just say such demotivating things that I'm not motivated at all to go to physics.  So you see how motivated I am to learn for a special subject and how much I want to learn depends totally on the teacher.
I think that you really have to look more to the teachers abilities than to there excellent knowledge. 
A primary, secondary and also a grammar school teacher really has to like children or teenagers. The students feel it if a teacher doesn't like children and it's very demotivating for them.
I also think that teacher just have to connect with the students. We're not a number. We're all individual people with different interests, different storys and different hobbies. If a teacher notice this and ask us about our individual interests or something, we students remember this and it feels gret not just to be a number. I mean how do you feel if your biology teacher doesn't know your name after three years? Doesn't feel that good, isn't it?
Don't get me wrong, I really don't want to say that knowledge is useless. It's also important. Students don't take teacher that serious if they recognise they know the topic better than their teacher.
But all this thingsabout connection with students are much more important than excellent knowledge about the subject. It really is. But there are still teacher who aren't sure about this facts, who just throw their knowledge into students face without any emotions just because they think they are just in th school to teach something. But if a teacher does this, I'm sure that the students are going to learn as half as much as from an teacher who really trys to connect with his students.
