I agree to this thesis. There are a lot of teachers, who are very well in knowing and telling their subject, but a lot of students are afraid of them or have bad marks, because the teacher has to high expectations of an normal student. It isn't well for our evolution or for an growing up student to be afraid of school or to be afraid of teachers. This isn't what school should be. The concentration of an student is also depending on how the teachers are making their lessons or how the teachers are relating with their students. For example, if a student doesn't like his math teacher, he isn't happy to go in his maths lessons and he isn't interested in getting good marks, because he wants also a little bit of fun in doing exercises for maths too.

But as a good student you should be able to relate well with every teacher and you should be able to be sucessful in all lessons, even if the teacher is an bad person, because this is what getting the final exam is about. Few years later if you have a job, you will also have to respect well with your chef, even if he isn't relating well with you.

If a teacher is very well in relating with his students, there could be also the problem, that a lot of students don't have enough respect and that they aren't listening godd enough to him. This would be an bis problem, because students who are interested in listening and can't listen, because of the other students, who don't listen, are getting angry and can't learn enough for the next text, because they haven't enough stuff to learn.

But if a teacher is also a good person and respects his students, he understands problems of his students and can send them extra materials (for example via mail) etc. too help his students learning for the next exams. So he can handle the problem, that he hasn't an excellent knowledge of his seubject.

A teacher can also handle the problem in watching movies about the theme he doesn't understand or he can also learn extra stuff for his subjects to get a better knowledge. Teachers who can't relate well with their students can't handle this problem in watching movies or learning extra stuff for being a better in relating with students.

All in all I can say and proof with these arguments, that in my opinion the thesis " A teachers's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" is right.

