Is it more important for a teacher to have the ability to relate well with students than excellent knowledge of the subject?
Nowadays many teachers have problems with their students. They can't Teach their subject correctly or adequatly and the students aren't as good as earlier. But which skill is more important to teachers?

On the one hand, a teacher has to be well educated in his subject otherwise he shouldn't be teaching students at any level of their education. Because how can he try to educate students in a subject that he does not now much about. What if his students ask questions about something that they don't understand and he cant answer them? This makes the students less interested and it is embarassing for the teacher himself. And last but not least, if the teacher doesn't know much about the subject and he as to teach kids and teenagers about it, they won't learn much, and maybe even false things.

On the other hand, if a teacher doesn't have the skill to relate well with students or doesn't know how to work with them properly, they will not learn as much as they should or could. It is important, that the teacher knows how to react to students and how to deal with them in certain situations. If he isn't capable of understanding students, they will get frustated and they will not have as much success and joy in this specific subject as they could have with a better teacher.

So for example if a student has a problem at home and he isn't doing as well in school is he could be, a teacher with only great knowledge of the subject wouldn't help much because he doesn't know how to talk this student and how to support him with his problems at home.

In my opinion, both skills, knowledge of the subject as well as a good hand with students should be necessary for a good teacher. But the importance of each one of them changes with the age of the student. While it is more important for a younger student to have a teacher who understands him and can work well with him, it might be less important for an older student. Because he needs to be educated properly in his subject and has people who can support him at home with his problems. In conclusion, Both skills are equally necessary for a good teacher, but the importance of either one of them changes by the age of the student.