I`am agree with that statement because the teacher is very important for students. What the teacher said is true and how the accted is like everybody wanted to act. Thats very important for especially very young students. The situation beetween two humans or more is very important because when you like somebody you listen to the words he say and maybe you can get the informations she or he said easier and earlier. But school and everything like this is important for life and you must get everything well to get good marks. But when you talk with the teacher und you like her or him maybe you aren`t consequent by your tests or the works you have to do. When the teacher is soo bad that nobody listen to her or him the exams won`t be that good. The teacher has to teach the students in a way that they listen carefully to her or him and get the informations whitch are needed for an exam or something like this. It is very diffecult to get the perfect middle between that . The teacher must do everything for the students that they understand everything the must explain and she or he can`t only give one text and say go and have fun without telling the students what to do and also she or he has to be friendly all the time. Okay, students have to learn by their own but the teacher must be there to help them. And you can get new informations by the teacher witch you don`t hear before so you don`t have to be a human who knows everything when there is a question about it .
At my point of view this statement is true because the realationship between humans and especially in this situation from the teacher and student is the most important think and even it is more important than the knowledge of the subject. Because I`am a student and when I like a teacher Inask a lot of questions and were very motivated to learn something new so my tests get better. When the teacher is bad I hate to ask something and I don`t want to do anything so thats badly for my tests. And it`s good when you knwo a lot but having a good realationship with maybe the teacher is even better for you because you were happier, trust me. Also for students who haven`t parents anymore or who have parents who were very bad to theire childreen the teacher is the second mom for them who explain them what to do what the real mom or dad doesn`t do. So if you aren`t the most intelligent person on earth that won`t be a problem. Nobody wants a "witch" as a teacher also the students who know everything weren`t happy with such a scary teacher. 