The connection between students and teachers is very importent because if the teacher hasn't got a good relation with their students there won't be an efficent improvment in their skills but if the teacher hasn't any knowledge about the subject he isn't capable of teaching something he doesn't knwos. So the question is what is more important.

A pro argument is that when students don't like their teacher they won't be listening carefully to what the teacher is trying to teach so even if the teacher would be super clever it wouldn't help to educate the students.

A contre argument is that yout can't teach something you don't know. So when your in a maths class and the teacher can't do maths you're going to have a problem even though the teacher is admired by their students.

An other pro agrument is that if you like your theacher it won't get boring quickly. Because if you don't like your teacher you could tend to ignore what he is talking about but if you like him it's more common that you listen to what he has to say.

When a person knows a lot it's exciting to go deeper into the subject. A example is that there are informations that aren't easy to learn from the internet because there is a lot of trash surrounded by the truth so a well educated person would be a big advantage for a learing person.

Finally when you like your teacher it's obviously more enjoyable to go to school than if you hate your teacher. Because when you hate your teacher you think why should I go there if it just will make me angry but if I like my teacher I will think hey it could be intressting and funny lets go.

To sum up there isn't a clear position to take but what's important to say is that a golden middle between excellent knowledge and a good realation to the students essential is for a good atmosphere in class. When you are younger it's more important to tend to a good realtion because there isn't a huge knowledge needed but if you get older an more intelligent it would be better if the teacher had a great knowladge.