Nowadays, teachers aren't that strict anymore and they have a better connection to their pupils. The scenario that teachers pay more attention to their relationship with the children they're teaching instead of paying it to their ability to teach them right.
But also many teachers put the connection between teacher and pupil in the background and focus on their subject material and their job. But some critics would say that their job isn't only to teach their pupil something about the subject. For children it's really important to learn at the right place and the right people to concentrate. They have to feel safe and shouldn't be under big pressure. Especially, in the first grades. 
But many opinions go with the fact that teenager are in school to learn something. Their point isn't to have a good relationship with their teacher. They want to be able to study and make a base of knowledge for their future.
But also a lot of people would agree with the fact that the base of a successful future are good grades. It's not a secret that many teachers make their statements of grades with the influence of their relationship with the pupils. And good grades are very important for the future of the cildren.
To disagree with this there is the fact that you don't have an adavantage when your grades are good but your neither prepared for your A-Levels nor your life after school without enough knowledge. It's also important to say that some children and teenagers can be scared of a teacher they can't to talk to. A teacher has to be able to talk with their pupils and make them feel more safe in their class to work with in the subject. 
In general I would say that there can't be a good teacher if he doesn't allow his pupils to talk with him. If children are scared about him or they aren't that good in the special subject, they should have the opportunity to have a talk with their teacher. Of course, after this comes the knowledge of the subject, the teacher should have. If he can talk to his children but can't teach them right, he shouldn't be teacher. If the pupil feel like they can talk with the teacher, his turn is now to give them the right information and prepare them for their A-Levels and future.
Because if a teacher can't do both - relating and teaching right - he's not a good teacher. 