In this essay I try to find arguments to agree or disagree about the quetsion whether a teacher should be in a good relation with his students or if excellent knowledge about the subject is more important.

Yes, a teacher who has a good relationship with his students is rather important. Now that is because the students of a class are much more motivated with a teacher they like working with. If these students are more motivated they normally try to make a good impress on their teacher. So they do their homework for example not in the sense of "as quickly as possible", but they spend enough time at home to do them correctly. The teacher has a big influence on the mood of the students and with a good relationship it is quite sure that his students like being in class.

On the other hand I know from my experience that a teacher who is excellent in his subject and knows how to explain the things in an understanding way is also something essential at school. Of course the relationship with a teacher is important but I would prefer the teacher with the excellent knowledge. As many students want to make a successful career later they need to learn well at school. And this is more possible with the teacher I prefer. At least I think so. I always agreed that the best teacher is not the one with a good relationship, it is the one who knows his field excellently. I also have to admit that I am rather motivated with a teacher who is excellent. If a student does not really understand what the teacher explained, it is easier to understand it when this student asks him individually after the lesson. This teacher could explain that really well. I think with a good knowledge after school people have some better chances for a good job. When I asked my parents what for a teacher they had liked most at their schooltime and why, they said that the best teacher had been this one whose knowledge had been excellent although he had not had a specially good relationship to his students. 

So with these arguments in that essay I wanted to answer this question. I would choose myself for the teacher whose knowledge is brilliant in his subject. And my strongest argument is simply that we learn more and better.