How important is a teacher`s ability to relate well with a student? Isn`t it more important that he has a great knowledge of his subject?
I don`t think so of course it is very important that your teacher knows what they are talking about. But my opinion is that, no matter how good a teacher is at there subject, if they are unable to relate well with there student, they are worthless. I can tell this from first-hand knowing. Students learn so much easier, if they like there teacher. In reverse if they dislike them, they may actually start to hate the subject. They won`t be paying any attention and they won`t like to study the subject. They will be getting bad marks. And it will become a spiral. Once you only get bad marks you lose your selfconfidence. You will tell yourself all the time, how bad you are at this subject. And all because of the teacher. Then, only a change in teacher can help. 
But students that love there teacher are often ready to do more at home for that subject. They are more likley to succeed, even tough you couldn`t tell from there teachers knowledge. They will even do some extra effort. They will be getting good marks and love that subject even more for that.
But I also have to say, that the ability to rate well with your students is better if it is combinde with you excellent knowledg of the subject. Because a teacher that knows there subject and can handle people is also able to teach the subject perfectly. They know how to teach there students so that they understand what they are saying. They know, in what way kids and teenagers learn it the best. And with the knowledge and the human interaction and the fun they get during the lessons, students are more likely to keep in mind what was important. Turning them into great college student about that subject.
So as to clonclud everything, I want to say that having one of those ability may be good. Where as the abillity to relate well with your student is more important.
But the best thing to have, is a teacher that can do both.