In our society, education is one of the most important things you can imagine and therefore the teacher is the most important tool to give people that education. But especially in elementary school and even in middle school, there are teachers teaching more than three subjects to classes, so how is it even possible to give students the best neducation in that subject?

On the one hand it seems really odd teachers teaching PE, Math and English classes because those are completly different subjects and we question often the ability of them concentrating enough for one subject and giving splitting their thoughts on too much matters. 
And let's face it: if you teach one class or at least a specific field like economics or science you are way more into that field. 

On the other hand, besides the fact teaching only one class can be really monotoune and boring - you simply don't need a specific field on lower leves of education. In elementary school all you need is basically one teacher you can really conect to and use him or her as a role model. Right after kindergarten and preschool, elementary school is the next step of gaining more freedom and seperating step by step more from your parents. In this lifetime a lot of things are new and it is important seeing a familiar face a lot. 
In addition, every high school graduate should be able to teach elementary and middle school, except for the most important thing in this matter: your social skills.
If you are able to relate well with the students they will be more motivated and might get an instrinsic motivation learning more about the subject. 

All in all, I would say having enormous social skills and being able to connect with people is extremly important for a teacher but without the knowledge you simply are not able to teach a class. In my eyes theachers should only know exactly what they are about to teach but are able to go even further into a matter if a student asks him about it. The higher the level of education is the more important is the knowledge and less important is the ability to connect to students.