I agree with the statement: "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.". A teacher is supposed to bring knowledge to his students. The students need to understand what they are doing and to do this they need a teacher that not only knows what he or she is talking about, but also knows how to say it so that everyone understands it and needs to root for his or her students.
For example if the teacher we are talking about is a mathematics teacher and he knows everything that is to know about his subject, but he can't show his or her students how it works because he or she doesn't know how to communicate with them and on their niveau than all of his or her knowledge is useless because his or her students will never understand or just won't care. 
But also if you have a teacher that just wants to talk and does not make anything that you are supposed to know and need for an exam, it is bad too.
A teacher is not only supposed to teach, but supposed to help students choose what they want and can do in the future. A teacher and a class will stick together for quite some time and if all of them don't like each other. The teacher can't provide knowledge because the students are scared or just not in the mood to learn. 
But if you have for example a really nice english teacher that not only tries to push rules and knowledge into your throat, but actually tries to teach on the same level as you and is just friendly, you like to learn. You try to be as good as you can because in some way you want to make them proud. And this joy while learning and especially this will to learn is something that a strict teacher who nobody likes will never be able to achieve.
A teacher should be someone who, not only teaches you and brings you knowledge, but should be someone who you can talk with and who understands you and you understand them. Because communication is the key to a good relationship which should be something that every teacher should try and achieve with his or her class. 
This statement is correct and I totally agree with it.  