Is a teacher’s ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught? It surely is a big plus, if a teacher knows his subject very well and is interested in it himself. But let's imagine he hasn't got any skills in handling with his students. Wouldn't that be terrible? I'm not talking about he can't repeat what he once learned and teach in a good way, I'm just talking about the social relation between these two. A student in his class therefore has a teacher with great knowledge of his subject who also can teach in a way the student will understand him, but everytime they interact with each other, for example when asking a question, or discussing a lecture, they can't understand each other and get angry or at least tired of the opposite. In case the student proceeds a following disinterst in the subject, this isn't good. It could change one's career, just because of that one teacher which he never got along with well. In a less dramatic case where the teacher and the student don't have the best social pairing, the student could get in an attitude od thinking that he just passes these years as good as possible and he'll never see him again after that. This wouldn't do much, but still it's not what I would want to have.
We all had teachers we really liked because they were almost like friends to us. They want to answer our questions as good as they can, take us serious in our ways of not understanding a topic, and are ready to learn something new themselves. This surely motivates students and they get a better image about how it is like going to school.
In the end, I think it really depends on how bad the teacher is in socializing, and if he's really that bad, there will be enough critic from the students side to get the directors attention, who wants his school to have a good recommendation for following students. Therefore the problem would be solved. And if this is not going to happen, the student can still enrich his character with years of mental training in patience, understanding and communicating with difficult personalities.