I strongly agree with the statement that "A teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught".
In my opinion there is much more needed for being a good teacher than people may think. It´s the job of a teacher to break through the wall of the students, to motivate and inspire them. Each student has individual needs, talents and opinions and it´s the teacher who has to reach the students and teach them the knowledge which they need for college/life. If the teachers is able to connect with the students and relate well with them, he´s able to teach them into a whole different way than when he´s just teaching. This connection motivates the students to learn more about a subject and it´s easier for the teacher to teach subjects in the future. 
Teachers who relate well to their students probalby have a better relationship to them and are able to understand their problems. The teacher understands where the students struggle and is able to help them better. The most time students are unwilling to learn and if the teacher just goes on and on about a subject, they start to get bored and don´t remember anything about the content of the lesson when they leave class. This happens way too often in our school system and it doesn´t help the students at all. They need teachers who have a good understanding of the mind of a student.
As an example there are many many math teachers who are really smart and have an excellent knowledge of the subject but dont have this connection to the students. They see math as easy and simple and don´t understand the struggle of the students while those feel misunderstood. But if the math teacher struggled with math when he was a student too, he remembers his own problems and can use this weakness to understand his students better. He understands where he has to slow down and explain more to the subject. Many teacher claim to see the same problems over generations of students and that´s how they´re able to help but if the teacher had this struggle on it´s own before he can help the students even better. And I think we need more teacher like this.
In the end I agree with the statement, that a teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught, because they understand their students on a whole new level and are able to support and help them if they had the same struggles in their childhood. Maybe there should be an oppotunity for people which were bad a subject before but then started to be interested in it to become a teacher in this subject because this could help future student generations.