Nowadays the knowledge and skills of teachers are often questioned. One of the mostly discussed topics is the way how they create their lessons and how they should be trained for their job. Therefore an unknown author states that a teachers ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

I agree with this statement because in my opinion the skills of a teacher are more important than an excellent knowledge.
First a teacher has to reach that his students understand the topic. Of cause it is important that the teacher is well informed about the topic and knows all the facts and details. However this is not useful if he is not able to find a connection to the students to explain and pass his knowledge. If a teacher just stands in front of the class and talk all the time the students may get bored and start thinking about other topics,chatting and miss the importants facts. Therefore the teacher needs to find a way to win the student´s attention.
Additionally it is very important that a teacher is able to deal with different types of students. Since in a classe are students with different skills and intellect there are some needing more time and help and some getting bored quickly, needing more difficult questions and taskes. Because of this a teacher has to be able to recodnize the different skills and to create his lessons in a way that every student profit. As you can see in this cases knowledge is less important than a good relation to students due to the fact that a teacher has to be able to adress the students in different ways to reach all of them.
A further argument is that a teacher has to be able to react to  results and circumstances in class. For example at some point some issues may get problematic for the students and their oral and written marks decrease. Therefore it is important that a teacher does not only repeat the facts and details again and again or explain the student that they really have to understand this know. His knowledge is not enough and it is more important that he is able to find a way to motivate his students or to find other methods to explain the stuff to them so that their marks increase again.

All in all in my opinion the author is right because all the knowledge of a teacher is useless if is not able to create a relation including different methods, understanding and  sensitiveness to his students since otherwise they would not get the stuff.