The teacher's asbilty to understand his students is more than imporant. It's one of his key abilitys to teach students. Yes, nowdays it is'nt enough to be a teacher, you have to be more. In someways you need to be a psyschologist and an educationer, all that at the same time. But is that really necessary? Does a teacher hast to be all these person in one? 
In the old days, a teacher had to be only one thing, a teacher. But in a society where we are now, a fast growing society where you need specific qualification, where you have to learn more content in less time, you have to look on the specific way students learn. 
Sure you can say, learning is the only thing and in somnehow you're right. But there is a mayor differecne between learning and understanding. For both learning and understanding a good enviroment is essential. A teacher who has the empathy,to relate to certain students, is a blessing. He is mor likely to understand their needs and is able to work things out. When a students goes to school with the feeling of joy, because he knows that he'll have a good time in school and his clases, instead of fear and anxiety, because he'll have to learn and understand all the things being taught, it will enhance his productivity which always a plus. 
On the other hand we have to look a the teacher as a person. A teacher is primarly only a teacher, he has to teach his students nothing more and nothing less. Whe he is foreced with the task to build a realtion to his students, it means alot of stress for him. Most of the teachers have mor than only one class, more than fifty students to care for. He has many task to do, beside the fact that he should learn to relate to the students. He has to correct exams, prepare lessons and more. The amount of time a teacher has to spent for school is imense. To force him to gain the abilty to relate to students, which means visit courses, which means spending more time, seems barely fare. 
To conclude my argumention I want to talk about my exsperience. Spanish is a class is personly don't understand. Neither the grammer or the speaking. But i have a good teacher he knows my defecit and helps me, with difficult tasks. It means alot to me to know that there is a teacher who sees my struggles, who can realte with my problems. And altought spanish is my least favorit class i still atend it with a smile. Because my teacher gives my the feeling, that I can handle it. 