The modern image of a teacher is more and more the image of a friend that helps and goes a part of your life together with you. Since the 1960's there was this change and the authority of adults dencreased enourmously. These facts lead to the question wheather a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 

One the one side emphathie and understanding people is always useful in a job that offers contact to other people. Personalities that are not able to even try to understand the other person and seem to be totally egoistic and live in their own world, are not supposed to become a teacher at all. Students inowadays more and more develop in different ways and seem to want to get more freedom and rights to define their own personality. Teachers who kind of have the feeling for their students may be able to show up new ways and develop plans for the future or even are good examples of how the student should develop. This intuation that is always neccesary leads to an atmosphere that offers a room of learning together, being a team and also liking to learn things and being happier at school. 

On the other side we can bring up the example of a doctor who of course needs emphathie and intuation to help his patients but he reallly had not studied medicine for six years to only talk to the ill. Also teacher's exercise is to give hinks to learn new things, to be interested and of course teacher'a main exercise is to teach his students. He has to have a knowledge about the subject he teaches because otherwise this leads to no interest, no wanting to learn and a dislike of going to school. Also no respect for him and adults in general can be results. These facts are even bad for the future of his students who maybe see him as a rolemodel and later practise simulating of work aswell. This would then be expression of teachers with no knowledge. They kind of simulate that they do something and this may also happen in lots of parts of our society. The developing problem is that our whole society would suffer because students are the future of the country and its society. A teacher as a psycholist does not do his job and this can not be the aim of parents, students and even the teacher himself, who should also think a little further and with aspects of moral.

Concluding a teacher's job is of course to teach his students and especially to make them being interested in what happens, also outside school. Offering these aspects may be easier if teachers kind of understand their students. In my opinion it is a difficult thing to find the balance between being a friend and being the bad boy who just explains facts. Teachers of cause kind of have the excercise to find this balance and help their students not just to develop new interests but also to grow up and being responsible for the whole society. So all in all a teacher can not be a good one if he is a psychopath but he also can not just be a friend because this is not his job. Finding the balance is always a difficult thing especially in a time that leads to more and more individualism and more wanted freedom and additionally the time of adolescense is one of the most difficult times in life aswell.  
