The statement above ("A teacher's ability to relate well with the students is more important than excellent knowledge og the subject being taught") demonstrates a contoversial topic. There are arguments saying that the statement is true and others that show the contrary.
On the one hand it is correct that it is important that the teacher gets along well with the students so they aren't scared of asking him question concerning the topic being taught. If the teachers was one unit and was inapproachable for their students, their grades would sink to a very low level as they are eventually even terrified. 
On the other hand it would be a catastrophe letting a person who knows nearly nothing in detail about the subject being taught teaching others their stupidity. Teachers should know a lot about their subject as they only have to know stuff about two or three subjects. In contrary a student has to know about around 14 subjects even though their knowledge can be more general. But when a student is well prepared and has done his homework in detail a teacher should be able to answer his questions too so lazier students do not have an advantage just because their teacher does not know more about the theme than they do since primary school. 
Another pro argument is that a teacher has to be there for his students not only in school but when there is a problem too. Every child needs a person except for their parents they can talk to. So if there is a heavy argument between students and their parents and they have no one to talk to they will be able to talk to their teachers.
Contrarywise children can go to specific organisations which will help them getting along with their problems. There are even sites on the internet where one can go and talk about their problems or ask questions. So the argument of the teacher as the hero is very old and unnecessary. Additionally a little distance can help teachers finding exact and fair grades for their students because if they get along so well they maybe prefer some students and students who actually do the work and do in detail and have excellent knowledge may be ignored. And once the principal finds out that a teacher relates too well with his students the issue will not only have bad consequences for the students but for the teacher as well. 
In my opinion the statement is not true because for me there must be a reason to go to school and if I knew that my teachers do not know more about the subjects than I know than I would not be willing to go to school. I see that to a specific point friendlyness is great but they should not overdo it because this will only lead to negative consequences. So teachers should know a lot about their subject (and it is okay if it is not as much as a professor knows) but otherwise one would notice a decrease in respect brought towards the teacher as knowledge makes them powerful. 