Some people say that it is more important for teachers to relate well with students than having excellent knowledge of their subject. But is that true?

On one hand it is very important for teachers to know about their subject of course, because the students respect them and believe what they say. If a teacher does not know about the things he is talking about, the students will not learn anything or even worse - wrong things.
But on the other hand it is not helpful for a teacher to know everything either, if he can not give his knowledge to the students. A teacher who does not relate to the students will not have their attention. If he cannot present the topic in a lively way, it will become boring for the students to listen. We all know that it is a lot more fun to learn things that interest one than learning boring things.
In addition to that it is very important to awaken interest for their subject. Students must learn that Physics can be as much fun as English lessons can be. I experienced myself that the interest in a subject is completely related to the way of teaching. And related to that were the effort I put in learning and my grades in that subject.
But doing that, the teacher must be careful how "lazy" he becomes. He is not the students "friend" or "buddy", he must always stay their "teacher", because otherwise they will lose their respect and will not learn enough.

To draw a conclusion I would say that it is hard for a teacher to balance the way of his teaching. On one hand he needs to relate to the students, so that they pay attention and have fun learning about the subject, but on the other hand he needs to transmit enough - and a lot - of knowledge at the same time. In my point of view it is more important to relate to the students, than to give them a lot of knowledge. It is not helpful to talk about all you know if no one listens. But I think that this must be a basic ability of a teacher: balancing the fun and knowledge he gives to the students during a lesson.