I'm a little bit torn about this statement. Of course it is important to be able to relate to students, but it's also very important to know the subject. You can't teach a subject which you don't know good enough yourself.

Begin able to relate to other people is a great gift and it is important, but you can't teach childern about something you don't know about yourself! As a teacher you should know your subject you teach better than yourself. That's what makes a good teacher. It's all good and nice to relate to students but if you don't know what you're talking about then how in the world are students supposed to learn and study? 
You're going to school for many reasons and one of them is to learn! How can you possibly learn if a teacher doesn't know what it's all about himself?
Now don't get me wrong. To relate to people and comforting them is a good start to motivate them, but in my humble opinion it is only necessary in the earlier stages in someone's school career. (To motivate them, to prepare them for later etc..)
Like I said, the ability to relate to others is a great gift and a really good character trait but it is certainly not more important than knowledge.  
You don't need to motivate your students if you use your knowledge in the right way. They'll be motivated on their own. Just because in a subject is more to study or read at home doesn't automaticly mean that it's boring.
Not everybody is lucky enough to go to school and learn something new everyday, so I think it makes more sense for teachers to know their subject than to know how to relate to students. 
Also if you let students work and let them figure things out on their own, they'll get more and more independent. If you let them rely on the teachers because they were nice and kind then you'll soon notice that it will cause problems for the students afterwards in life.

In the end it depens on the class. Primary school is better off with a teacher who can rather relate to his students than a teacher who's just good in his subject. But for Secondary school or Gymnasium it's far more important to know what you're teaching about than to relate with your students.