The student-teacher relationship is an important topic for students. Oftentimes students complain about their teachers and their teaching-skills.  In the following I will therefore disuss the statement whether it is more important for a teacher to have a close realtionship with their students or have an excellent knowledge of the information being taught in class. 

To begin with, it is important for both the teachers and the students to get along well with each other.  Students feel a lot more relaxing and trust their teachers if they are able to relate well.  I spent a year at an American high-school and therefore know the differences between two totally different school systems.  At my American high school all my teachers were really open-mindend, talked a lot about their own lifes and the classes were structured in a creative way.  All in all you could say it was a personal relationship.  Here in Germany it is a little bit different.  Most teachers are really nice and supportive but not as personal.  I feel like here in Germany it is much more important to get good grades and "work your way up".   Moreover, I personally like the way American high school works a little bit better concerning the student-teacher relationship.  I felt a lot more supported and I was able to really trust my teachers and e.g. they would even stay after school to help me if I had any questions.

Nevertheless, in my point of view, it is necessary for teachers to have an excellent knowledge of the material and the topic because students need to understand the information really well to be able to get good grades and graduate from high school with a grade they are happy about.  Thinking about this argument, it is helpful to have well-educated teachers so they can teach you better. 

Furthermore, I think that teachers need to be able to realte well with their students in order to be able to teach them.  If students do not feel recognized or treated in an appropriate way, they will not be able to learn or even remember the taught subject very well.  I always remeber interesting or even funny moments that happened during my school day.  If I think back to these days/classes I might remeber the subject a lot better than the things being taught druing a really boring and unpersonal lesson.

To sum up, it is clear that I agree with the statement because in my point of view it is necessary to have a good realtionship to the teachers in order to succeed in class.  A personal realtionship makes the classes a lot more enjoyable and "relaxing".  Nonetheless, it is obvious that a good knowledge of the topic is needed for students to do well in class and pass their tests and graduate.  Since I experienced such a school system, I think that a mixture of both the American and German school system will exist.  All in all, a personal relationship with well educated teachers and students would be the perfect mixture.

