Nowadays, students often complain about the manner subjects are taught at school. "The teacher may know so much, but in the end, it does not help us at all if we do not benefit from his knowledge", Mary, a student of form 11, explains. In the following, I will discuss the idea whether a teacher's ability to relate well with the students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

First of all, there is no doubt that teachers need to study their subject(s) at university that they are experts in their subjects in order to assure the reliability of their statements. "I had a French teacher who we had to correct every five minutes because of his grammer mistakes", Jim remembers. "It really sucked having to listen to somebody who does not know his subkject well.
Also, while correcting exams, it has to be assured that the teachers recognise faults and give the students the basic knowledge of which they have still lacks.

However, you may not neglect the importance of didactic competences. Emma reports that she used to have a teacher who could have been perfect for presentations at university because of his seemingly endless knowledge of historical stuff. But at school, he has not helped the class at all. Instead, he made the students read dozens of pages in the study books, which had the result that the student's interest in any historical subject dissappeared.
After all, nearly every reason for excellent abilities in a subject is the motivation and curiosity to learn more about it. A recent study has proved that several students get good marks if they are teached by somebody who can make students become interested in the subject than students who are taught by a very clever teacher who is not experienced in dealing with students.

In conclusion, teachers must have a certain knowledge of the subject, but the focus should be on didactic abilities since their exercise is not to be a huge encyclopedia, but a help to educate the younger generations.