Today, my aim is to analyse the following (controversial) statement about the relationship between the teacher and his students. The statement is: ,,A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.'' Let us first look at the downsides of the proposed teaching method. Now, although some of the teacher's knowledge might be negligable or unimportant and therefore could be sacrificed in order to achieve a better teacher-student relationship (as the statement suggests), the students should not be taught inprecise, simplified, or even false informations. Also, a teacher who is given the task of building a good relationship between his students might also strive to improve this relationship in counter-productive ways. For instance, he might try to appeal to the students by pandering to them and only teaching them a much easier, simplified version of the subject. However, these are all hypothetical situations, but there are many real world examples of good teacher-student relationships, that show some of benefits this teaching method has to offer. For example: students that like their teachers are much more likely to be more motivated and eager to learn new information than students that do not. Some studies on this topic would suggest that this might also aid students to retain new information in their long-term memory. On the converse, students that don't like their teachers and don't like going to school might not learn much in the process. I personnally can attest, that a good relationship to some of my  teachers has definetely improved my learning skills. This teachers usually also take a different approach in teaching, that leaves out unimportant or overwhelming informations untill the student has properly learned the basics and is ready to move on. In conclusion, one can say that this new teaching method definetely brings some new things to the table. However, the teachers should be careful not to pander to their students by pandering to them and reducing or leaving away important informations 