I totally agree with the statement ,,A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught." 
In my opinion it is easier to learn something, if you like your teacher, because if there is a good atmosphere in the class you are more likely to enjoy the lessons. If the teacher can't relate well to the students, it is difficult for both of them because on the one hand the teacher can not reach the students and on the other hand the students do not want to learn something from someone they really do not like. A good example to support my argument is my own experience with the subject German. From the sixt to the eight grade I never liked the german class because my teacher was very unfriendly and mean but then my teacher changed. My new teacher was very open, she accepted our own opinions and we had a lot of discussions about many different themes. That made it more interesting and we students were not afraid to tell our own opinion and even if we said something wrong she stayed friendly and tried to explain our mistake. Since this teacher change, german is my favourite subject and my grade changed from 3 to 1. 
Another argument is, that students are more likely to enjoy the class if they have a good relationship to the teacher. If teacher and students can relate well, the students are more likely to do their homework or to prepare for the class. In my opinion it is easier for the teacher to communicate with the students and if students have any questions they are not afraid to ask them if the teacher stays friendly. Often teachers do not care about the students and forget that there are also other subjects in school and then it is important to be able to talk for example about the circumface of the homeworks, which is difficult if the relationship is not that good.
Of course knowledge is very, very important because even if teacher and students can relate well, the students are not going to learn something if the teacher has not any knowledge about his subject but I am sure that a good atmosphere makes it less difficult to teach the students and if everybody listens, because if they like their teacher, the students can be reached better than in a stressed atmosphere. If nobody likes the teacher or if they relate really bad it is very hard to stay objective for the teacher and pure knowledge does not help him to teach the students. 
To sum up my arguments, I want to say that it is important to create a good atmosphere in the class but even though, knowledge is very important because even the best relationship between the students and their teachers does not help them to finish school. 