I do agree with this statement to a certain level.
Teachers who are incapable of connecting with the students they are supposed to teach cannot achieve much, as I know from personal experience. They are often unable to understand a student's problems with the given information and through that become so unpopular among them that no one sitting in that class actually feels the desire to know more about the given subject - they just want the lesson to go by.
That essentially means: An excellent knowledge is not important if the one responsible for transmitting it to the listeners does not have the capabilities to do so. For instance, a great biology teacher who knows everything there is to know about his subject, but cannot design it to be comprehensible for his students, is not a help for anyone involved, despite his great knowledge and studies. Students will be frustrated by their lack of understanding, and the teacher will be as well as he cannot understand why the students are unable to make sense of the given information. All that combined will almost certainly hamper the progress of the teaching and make students unwilling to learn. As learning is the whole point of school, this is highly unfortunate.
However, having no idea of the subject the given teacher is teaching about is definitely not a good thing either. As stated above, the knowledge needn't be perfect, but it ought to be good. A teacher who does not know how to answer important questions asked is about as useful as an unrelatable teacher, as he does not possess the all-round knowledge he should have and may be unable to explain the issue in it's entirety.
If that is the case, all relatability won't make a difference as there is no information to be passed on by the teacher to the students that could help them, so a healthy knowledge is certainly advised.
In conclusion, I believe that perfect knowledge is not needed, but advisable. They have to be relatable to grasp the concept of the information taught, which is only possible through that.