What marks a good teacher? As long as there is teaching in life,  what might probably be the beginning of the human life, this question is asked.
Wow - what is more imoirtant for to bee a good teacher - the ability to realte well with students or the knowledge of the subject being taught?
This depends on the class and on every single person of the class.
Imagine a teacher, who doesn´t now nothing about his subject. Is this a drama? It depends on the subject. So; imagine a math teacher without knowledge in math - it would be horrible. He could be the perfect friend or maybe even born to teach, he could be extremely nice to the students but they won´t learn anything in math. If we talk about a teacher without knowledge in sports it depends on the school in which he teaches. If he teaches in a junior school (in germany a "Grundschule") It is not important that he knows much about sports, because it is more important, that he can guarantee the safety of the kids and that they hve fun. If he is a teacher at a college or in germany a "Gymnasium" he should know a lot about sports. If he doesnt he might also be a good teacher and maybe you even learn something, but it is clearly better if he knows about zhe subject he teaches.
Imagine the same example the other way round: There is a math teacher who is perfect in mathematics but couln´d get along well with his students. He could teach mathematics, hw could answer any question on the topic, but the students just don´t like him. This isn´t a too big problem, because he knows about the topic - in contrast to the freindy teacher without knowledge in mathematics. But would the students listen to a person, who is perfect in math but social incompetent? I don´t think so.
Refering to my other example, imagine the sports teacher at a primary school. He knows each and everything on sports but the children just don´t like him and he couldn´t get along with them. He couldn´t teach well, because no one would listen.
The same sports teacher at a secondary school: He might be respected for his knowledge but the courses were without any fun.
By talking about this four different teachers you can see, that it depends on the form and lever of the school and the class and also on the subject. But I can clearly say, that a good teacher should have both.
I could imagine a skale for the different subjects and forms of school. A teacher on a primary school should have 70% social knowledge which means having a good relation with his students and 30% kowledge of his subject. Looking at a seconday school I´m going to split the percentage by unsing the categories of age and the steps in a german "gymnasium".
A teacher for students of 10 to 12 years should have 40% knowledge, a teacher for teenagers from 13 to 15 should be able to have it 50/50. A teacher for young adults from 16 to 18 should know a lot about his subject, maybe 70% of knowledge and a professor ahould know a lot more. The older you get, the less it is important if the teacher treads the class very friendy. It becomes more and more important if he could teache the stuff he should teach and if he knows a lot about his subject. This refers to the progress of getting older and knowing by his own, what is important and what you want to reach by going to school.
At the end I could say, that it is always nice to have a teacher who treads the students friendly and knows a lot about his subject. But sometimes it is annoying to have an extra freindly teacher and he whould just concentrate on his subject.
That students need to be treaded well and with respect isn´t a question of kindness or beeing friendly but if a teacher couln´d accept that, he shouldn´t be one!