We have all had teachers we like and dislike for various reasons. Sometimes it depends on their ability to do an interesting presentation of what they are supposed to teach you, but sometimes it's just the fact if your class likes them or not. What characteristics should a teacher have? In the following essay I will discuss wheather or not, a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

First of all, it does not matter how good the teachers can relate to their students and know what could be interesting for them to listen to, if the knowledge being transmitted is false or unsufficient. In this case the students would make fun of the teacher and think themselves in a better position emotionally than the teacher and he or she wouldn't have any respect from the students. This is why it would not really matter what they say during the lessons since the students would not care anyway. 
On the other hand, I think that a teacher should be able to transfer their knowledge so that the students are interested and like following what is being told. Otherwise, if the students are bored and do not really care about what is being said by the teacher, he or she does not succeed in transmitting what the students should know or be able to do. This is why their knowledge of the subject should be sufficient since it has to make sense to the students but the ability to relate with the students and know how he or she could make the subject interesting seems more important. After all, the teacher should care about actually getting the information into the students memory.

Finally, I think that a teacher's ability to relate to the students and know how he or she could interest them, is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Furthermore, I am sure that sufficient knowledge of the topic in combination with their ability to relate to them is enough for the teacher to gain the respect of their students, something that, in my opinion, most teachers struggle with. 


