This Essay is about the statement: " A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than exellent knowledge of the subject being taught." 
One argument for this statement is, that it is easier for an teacher, who relates well with students, teaching students because his lessons are interesting for the students. For exampel a grupe of students out of the 5th class have to learn somethiing about flowers. Theacher A relates well with students and theacher B relates bad with students. Than the Class from theacher A lerns faster, than the Class from theacher B because the class from theacher A have more fun than the class from theacher B because students who have fun while lerning new things work better than students, which don't have fun while lerning. 
An other argument for this statement is, that students go to theacher A with thair problems, not to theacher B. And it is important that the school is ab place, where you can speak about problems and become to a nice charakter. The most things which you learn in school, you forget in school to.
But one big argument against the statement is, that teacher B knows more about his subjekt. And so his lessens don't have so many mistakes as the lessons from theacher A. Tho only theacher B can teaches the students exaktly the right tings in the subject being taught.
All in all disagree and agree with the statement because students only lear something, is they have fun in school. And many things in school you don't need enymore after school. But in the higher classes the informations are more important than the point that the teacher relates well with students. So I agree that A theacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught in the first seven classes because there the students have to have fun in school an learn elementary things. But in the higher classes exellent knowladge of the subject being taught is more important than that a teacher's abilitx to relate well with students because only than the students can learn what they need and it is on  the side of the students to be motivided in school.