Teacher is a job that requires several abilities. First of a teacher should be competent of his subject. Moreover a teacher should definitely like working with students, because the students are mostly its major part of teaching. To the question what really is more important it gets more complex.

Teachers have to be able to know the subject being taught entirely. This is part of his work and if he is not able to that properly the student will simply not learn anything and they will not listen either, because a sign of incompetence is mostly a boring structured lesson. In addition, teachers are really gonna get troubles if the students notice that the teacher lacks of knowledge, because on our level students are willing to learn something and if we think that something has been taught in a wrong way students will immediately search on Google to see whether the teacher was right. So this aspect also contributes to a good lesson. On the other hand teachers or any kind of coach have to cooperate well with students. If a teacher is not able to communicate well and nicely with the students, student are more likely to not listen to the teacher in a lesson. Not being listened by the teachers own students is the most devestating feedback a teacher can get of students. Accordingly, teachers need definitely to be able to cooperate well with students. Moreover, students that are well treated by the teacher will also support the learning atmosphere within a lesson. By that is meant that teacher and students are together in a classroom and they have to deal with each other in that specific lesson and finally everyone will be part of that lesson and it will be better for both if they like each other

In spite of knowing the subject entirely the teacher is not neccessarily a good teacher. Because for me, I guess, it is more important that the teacher is able to cooperate well and to explain the subject that he is teaching in a way that motivates me to learn. Because eventually I, as a student, have to work with his taught material and it will be way more easy for me if he has taught it in a motivating way. Therefore it is more important for me to have a relation to the student and teaching things in a kind way. It contributes to a nice atmosphere between myself and the teacher.