In the last years there were a big controversie about the question: If it is more important that the teachers are able to relate to the students or excellent knowledge of there subject. I will know talk about this discussion and will give pro and cons arguments about this topic.

A big argument for the importance of the relatability is that stundents are in an age of changes, the phase between child and adult is for many quite exhausting and connect to drastic changes in the lives of many, what often lead to that students do not have some one to talk with ore they simply isolate themself from other students, what could be harmfull for there health and social life, in this time it is very important that the teacher has a good connection with the student and can help him to go trough this phase.

Another Argument for it is, that many stundents find school boring and extremly stressing, so that the don't even want to go to school anymore. In this cases the teacher has to have a good connection to the student and make his lessons attractiv for the student ,so they can learn and do not have to have a mental breackdown in the seventh grade.

The biggest contra for all of this is that its more important, that the pupils learn the correct facts than to talk about there feelings, because this is the part of the parents. The teacher and the school are only there to give the stundents the metaphoric tools to survive in the global economy.

Another big argument is, that the teacher do not have time for every stundent individually to talk, because they have to make the lesson at all cost, because the scholl doesn't have enough money to train them better or bringing more teachers to the school and so its way more important, that the teachers gives the facts correct, fast and in a mass so the school can save money to spent it on other things than the learning process.

In my opinion both sides have there respective points where i can agree and disagree. My point of view is that the facts should always be correct no matter what subject the teacher taughts but it 's complettly sensless if the teacher cann't establish a connection to his students, out of respect and trust in eachother. Thats the only way in my opinion in which to school life could go in a dierection, where every stundent would go happily to school and gets individually trained in his strenghts and tries to get better in things he is not so good.



