During a lesson, a student asks his teacher -who normally is able to relate well to his students a question, but his tutor is unable to answer it - A normal situation. In this essay I am going to answer the question, which ability more important for a teacher is. 
First of all, let me say, that you should not focus on one abbility of a teacher, the normal situation should be a combination of both and normally this is possible.
In times of internet, smartphones and E-books knowledge has become something you can get in a few hours. Nothing is easier than to take a few minutes of research. And for those ones that are not familiar with the new techniques, school books still offer the possibility to look up the important aspects of an issue. These two aspects show quite well how relative knowledge is in todays world. This is supported by the statement "It is more important to know where you can find something, than to know it yourself". Aditionally,it has to be said, that excellent knowledge might be a basic necessity of a university teacher, but school lessons are nearly always on such a basic level, that even a student -with some time of preparation- could present and explain a topiv and let the students explain. So, why is it important to know, how-for example- the merchants in the time of the Hanse built there houses? Nobody-except archeologists will need this knowledge.
So, there may be ways to replace excellent knowledge by skills of research, but how is it with a good relationship to the students? A good atmosphere in class is the basis of a productive lesson. Nothing (well, maybe some Youtube tutorials in the last year) may help, if a teacher has no relation to his students and speaks for himself because nobody listens to him. Maybe we are learning for the life, but a student has to see reasons to think about something or at least it should be fun to do so. So, if these skills are necessary for a good lesson, how else than with a teacher who is able to relate well to his students may these skills be given? (Except of the nearly impossible case of a completely unemotional teacher who explains so well and has such a huge amount of knowledge that the students do not care about his personality.)
These two big aspects show, why I agree to the statement, that a teacher teacher’s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Knowledge may be replaced, but an atmosphere of trust and the wish to cooperate is necessary for learning. But one should not forget, that both aspects are important - and there a lot of more skills a teacher should have- and to be good in one of them is definitely not enough.