I disagree with the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
There are many points why I disagree. First of all the teacher's job is to teach the students. If the teacher isn't good in his subject how could he possibly explain the topic or even further answer questions, which are coming from students.
Of cause a teacher also should be able to relate well with students, but that is not more important than the knowledge about the subject. 
We aren't going to school to learn almost nothing. 
A teacher should be able to teach the subject so that almost every stundent can understand it. He shouldn't be a teacher, if he can't work with ideas from students. I want to say that the teacher should be able to react to ideas from students about the topic, he should be able to tell them, if it's right or wrong and explain the topics in different ways. 
A teacher is responsible for the future of the students and what they learn. He should never teach something, which is wrong. He is one part of their life and he will influence their life. It shoudn't happen, that a student learns wrong facts or corrects the teacher, that is just not right. Of cause he can't know everything, but the important stuff, he should.
Just imagine someone is working at an coffee-shop, but he can't make an coffee. Maybe he is really nice to his customers and relates with them, but that can't be everything. Than he should change his job, because he is not able to do his job and even more he would own no money.
There are a couple examples for this topic. Just look at a judge, who doen't know anything about rules and laws. There wouldn't be a point to have him as a judge. 
Of cause it's nice if a teacher, a man at a coffeeshop or a judge can relate well with students, but it is more important for them to be good at their job!
Thus a teacher should be able to be nice to students, but it isn't more important than having good knowledge of the subject beingt taught.