A teacher has the duty to teach the students a specific topic. To recieve that it is important, that the teachers know their topic quite well and can teach that well. But what is more important ? 
Before a person become a teacher, the person must study their subject and topic for about six years. After that the person must study to get along well with the children for about three years. In the end the person has studied more the subject or topic than to get along well with the children.So it seems, that excellent knowledge is more important for the university than to get along well with the children.But it could also be, that they think, that three years is enough. 
After you compleded that you must give a specific number of school-lessons in front of teachers, who are much longer teacher than you. After that you are finally a teacher. But nobody asked the children, wether the teacher can relate well with them.
In my opinion it is more important, that the teachers can relate with the children and that they can teach the subjects well, wether they know their subjects absolutly perfect. It is enough that the teacher know the topic to teach it and not to write articles for scientists. A teacher is absolutly worthless, when they know the topic very good, but he doesnt know how to teach that. A good example is my former teacher for the subject math. He knew everything about every topic, but he didnt know how to teach that. In the end the most of the class had a C or D. 
But when a teacher knows the subject a little bit and knows how to teach that, he is far more a good teacher, than the last one. A example for that is my former biology teacher. He knew the topics al little bit, but enough to prepare us for the examens and he knew how to teach that to us. This time the most of us had get a A or B. 
To sum it up, it is far more important that teachers can teach their subjects and can relate that to their students. I want the universities to focus more on that part and not so extremly on the knowledge. 