Sometimes the qoute "a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." comes up and is highly discussed. In the following I will tell my opinion.
In general I agree with this statement. A teacher get paid for teaching important information about a subject. But of course it is important to communicate well with students and of course it is a ability a teacher should have. In my opinion this is even more important than an excellent knowledge. 
On the one hand if the teacher just has skills to communicate with students, it is good. In the first years of school the ability to relate to students in a more personal way is very important. I would say it is even more important then to have this ability to build up the different personalities of each student. 
I also think that a good relationship between students and a teacher is followed by more interest in the subject so the students can learn more because they really want to. Just because of their more personal connection with the teacher they want to listen and so they gain the chance to learn more.
But on the other hand the job of a teacher is to teach. A teacher studies for years to collect information about the subject he want to teach. So his first goal has to be the transfer of information to his students. This is also the main reason for students to go to school. So if this is not the case, where is the sense in going to school? 
But the qoute talks about excellent knowledge about the subject. The definition of excellent in this case is a difficult one. Do I have excellent knowledge, if I studied? Or is excellent knowledge something going further?
In this case it must be something going further. Every teacher has a base of knowledge he got from studying his own subject and this is what he should be able to transfer. But also after studying the should have the ability to relate well with students. This can be related to the personality of a teacher but it can also be a skill, he learned. After leaving university every teacher should be a good one with an ability to communicate well with students and with the ability to teach.
For me excellent information is information you gain after studying by the active process of wanting to learn more. So a teacher exspecially learns more about his subject than he has to. This is excellent knowledge and this is nothing a teacher has to do. Of course there is no disadvantage in it and I think teachers should do to just have the ability to transfer more information as needed but they dont have to.
To conclude I agree with the qoute. The ability to communicate and relate well with students is very important and in my opinion more important than some more extra information. 

