Know or being known?

When you're a student you don't always like school, but you still want to learn something. And what's more helping than a teacher who knows the subject? But isn't it also important that the teacher can relate with his students? Let me show you some arguments.

If you're in class it isn't easy to pay attention all the time, but when the person talking infront of you has no passion or doesn't know what he is talking about, most students decide not to listen at all. But if he knows the subject usually he is also interested in it and it's more interesting for you.
Another advantage is when he has a great knowledge you can ask him many questions and you don't have to do research in the internet like you have to do when your teacher doesn't know a thing.
So the knowledge important for learning, but what if you have a problem studying or other personal problems? If the teacher doesn't understands you all his excellent knowledge is worth nothing. Even if that's the case it isn't the end of the world because at most schools there is a teacher like a psychiartist so you can go talk to them. But the ability to relate with students is not only good for personal problems. It's as well important for the lesson.
And thats the most important advantage of a teacher who can relate with his students. Because he has to know when they don't understand something and if he can relate to them he can also explain the subject so they get it. Because what use is an excellent knowledge if you can't explain it so every individual student understands it? Sure teachers need to know their subject but even if they don't know everything they can look that up in books or in he internet.

So in my opinion the ability to relate is above the excellent knowledge. Mostly because not every student is the same and everyone needs something different. And a teacher who can relate can adapt so the students can learn better. I'm not saying that knowledge isn't important I'm just telling you that being known also has it's advantages.