The question, whether it is more important to relate well with students than having an excellent knowledge of a subject, has been discussed for decades. 
Certainly a teacher must have a decent knowledge of the stuff he is teaching his students. Of course a teacher isn`t necessarily smarter than his students, but as soon as his students` knowledge is bigger than his own, there is not much left a teacher can teach them. One of the most important taskes of a teacher is to answer questions of students and for that he needs a huge knowledge. 
The main task of a teacher is to give the students the knowledge, he is possessing. And to do so he certainly needs knowledge. But he also needs to have the ability to relate well with students because just having knowledge doesn`t enable a person to give this knowledge to another person. A teacher needs to know exactly, how much he can challenge his students. Because there are no benefits for the students if there isn`t demanded enough from them. But it is also bad for the students if a teacher expects much more of them than they are able to perform. A good teacher manages it to challenge his students on a realistic level for them. One of the biggest challenges a teacher must face, is to communicate differently with different types of students. Every student prefers a different way of how to be taught and treated.
In conclusion, I would say that a teacher must have a greater knowledge than his students in any case, to teach them efficiently. But there are no benefits for the students if a teacher`s knowledge of a subject is biggern than that of a genius in that topic. So as long as the teacher possesses more knowledge than his students of his particular subject, a good teacher is measured by his ability to relate well with students. Because all knowledge on earth isn`t usefull if you can`t give it to your students in a way they understand it. But nonetheless, as teacher you must be knowledgeable and that is also the reason why the gymnasium is demanded to become a teacher.