The following task is about the statement if it is more important to have the ability to relate with the students as a teacher or to have an excellent knowledge about the subject that is taught. Many children hate their teachers because of their way to talk to the pupil or going through their lesson. They write bad notes and state that this is caused by the worse understanding and the way the teacher explains. So do I or don`t I agree with the statement that the ability to relate with the students is more important that the knowledge of the topic?
    On one hand the relation between student and teatcher is very important because a sympatethic teacher makes the schoolday less worse and more fun. Furthermore the child has less trouble to listen to the teachers task and to ask when it has problems beacause there is no fear. So in conclusion the child is more efficient in learning a topic and in addition to that it will have better notes.  
    On  the other Hand teachers are at school to prepare the children for their final exams and their later life after that so it is more important that the child learns the topic than having a good relation to the teacher. In this case it is also important that the teacher is able to explain the topic to his/her students.The argument hat the daily schoolday would get easyer and funnier is well but this is not what a  school stands for. In primary school it is okay but later on in 7th or higher grade the focus must stay on the final exams. Without getting to knoe thw topic well, the children will have serious problems in their later life for example in ther college time or even in their following job.
    So I think it is such important to get to know and get to understand the topic because this will follow you your entire life. The relation with the teacher is only that long, that you have that teacher in class. So this is a very unsave way to go through school. All in all I would really prefer a good relation to my teacher but for me it is more important to get a good grade in my final exams because they will choose about my later life.