In most schools there are many different types of teachers which leads to the fact that some of them can relate better with their students than others. In the following text I'm going to name arguments for and against the statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more improtant than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." 
The original job of a teacher is to teach different subjects and to make the students learn these topics and that they get good grades and write good exams as a consequence of this. If the teacher also relates well with it's students it becomes much easier for him and his class to reach these goals but it's not his job to realte well with them. It's important in which way he teaches the subjects so that everyone can understand him but it does not really belong to his job to relate well with the class. Even if there are conflicts or he is disliked the students have to learn the things they need to learn and it's their job to be not influenced by these conflicts between the teacher and them.
On the other side one has to say that most of the students can not learn as well as they could when there are conflicts because the teacher can not realte well with them. The topics can be thaught better if their is a good connection between the teacher and his class because the lessons are not only serious and there is no anger. It's easy to concentrate when there are jokes once in a while so that there is a good climate in class. Another point is that having class won't be any fun anymore if these conflicts would exist and the students wouldn't be motivated to learn the things they need  to get good grades. 

I think that a good relation between students and their teacher is more important than having an excellent knowledge of what is being taught because otherwise students won't learn enough or won't be concentrated in class and that leads to grades wich are worse than the ones which are given in classes with good student-teacher relations. Of course there sould be enough knowledge to teach things the way they have to be taught but every teacher has this knowledge otherwise they won't be able to work at a school.