The statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" is very hard to answer. It is very important to give the students a good feeling or to have a good relatshionship otherwise the atmosphere of the class or between some students and the teacher is very unrelaxed and bad and that has also a caus of the learning. If students are happy in the class and feeling not stressed but feeling comftorbale they are more willing to learn for the subject to get a grood grade, because it is relaxing and they are not learning under preassure and feeling like they are forced to do that all. But on the other side, you are going to school, because you have to but also because you must. Not because of the goverment but because it is good to have a big spectrum of knowledge. It is helping you in so many ways you don't even realise. Some students already have a dream to work as an doctor or as an lawyer and are happy to get the best aducation they can get. And if a teacher, only because he wants to be friendly and populare, is not making the lessons as good as they can be, it's a pity for all, not only for the ones who really want to achieve something big. 
But overalI I can agree with this statement. Well I think it is very important to have a teacher, who is giving their best to teach us students what they know, but always in a good not-preassured way. Theachers are pädagogists two and should always be opened for students with problems. We are here to learn something so the teacher's job is to teach us but always in a good and friedly way. I don't think that a perfect knowledge of a subject is better than a good relation with the teachers. If the teacher and the students don't relate with each other they both are feeling bad as they're getting together. If the're feeling good together they both are willing to work. So some students would actually learn ,but if they have a bad relationship with the teacher they are just learning for a good grade and not because it could be great for them. And that is the main point. If you're learning for someone else, you're nor really lerning. You should lern just for you and if you are not doing this, maybe because of an asshole as an teacher it's a pitty