It is said that this is true. Many people think that a teacher has to feel with the students support them and remember that he or she had been in the same place or  position some years ago. Nowadays there are many cases where the lessions and subjects are too challenging and overwhelming for many students and exactly there or in these situations many people assume that their children don't get enough support from their teachers. It is important that students and especially younger students can open up to their teachers and have a person of trust insead of someone with a high degree and knows evereything about everything. Another point it that teachers also raise todays children to a certain degree. So it is nice to see that things like good manners and behaviour are extremely important in school. In this case parents would rather choose a teacher to prepare their children for a life as an adult this way and show them the values of society.
But what about current demands of skill and knowledge in many jobs? In these days it's not enough to just be a nice person and know a bit about something anymore. These days are hard. They demand a high degree in university in many well-paid jobs and that's what parents want for their children, right? They want success and a great education for them to be able to be independant and stand on their own feet. All of this knowledge and skill starts in school with the teachers the children have. It's not acceptable to be just average anymore in our society to become really successful. You have to be good in what you are doing. Very, very good. In this case strict lessions are required.   
In my opinion a good teacher has a great balance of both. If I have kids one day, I want them to be intelligent and have fun learning things but I also want them to feel comfortable in school and have a teacher they can trust and is not just all about learning. Education doesn't measure in knowledge about maths, biology, economics and so on. It measures in experience you have and your behaviour and of course knwoledge about maths is also a part of it but it doesn't make the whole thing. Not only my children but also me as I am still in school. I want to become the best person I can be and not be judged by how much I know about a certain subject. And I really rely on my teachers to help me with that.