A teachers task is to teach students, which isnt always an easy thing to master. The teachers themselves studied how they can give their knowledge to their students in the best way possible. With that being said, knowledge is not everything, because the students actually learn more when the teacher is accepted and likeable. The students will pay far more attention to teachers they like, rather than teachers they really hate and dispice. As a result, a teachers that can relate well with the students, will, in my opinion, have more success and in the end will have better students. The ability to relate to students, makes it far more easy to help students when they have difficulties because they trust the teacher. That is a result of the likability teachers can have.
But the thing is, students might not try hard enough if the teacher isnt severe and doesnt have much knowledge. For that, a teacher with just excellent knowledge and no ability to relate to students will probably let the students have to study much more. In that way, the students learn many things, but dont have a good relationship to the teachers. Despite the fact that knowledge is something important for the teacher to have, having students that like him/her is more valuable, because the students will participate more in the lessons and excellent knowledge is actually only needed at the universities and not the primary school. Teachers teach things so that you can understand a specific topic and you dont need every single detail of a topic to get the idea behind it.
In conclusion, the teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught, because the student wont ever remember every detail, but with a relatable teacher you probably will find it easier to study and to listen in the lessons itself. And it actually depends, what kind of teacher we are talink about, because at the universitiy, relatability isnt as important as in the primary school. As a young age, the children will work more if the teacher is nice and likable,rather than a severe teacher who just annoys.