a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught


A teacher with excellent knowledge about the subject he teaches but without any social competences is worthless.
The same applies to a teacher who realy knows how to relate with his students but lacks the knowledge of the subject being taught.

A teacher with great knowledge could most certainly can teach his students a lot, but wheter or not they also learn something in his classes depends on how he is able to transmit his knowledge. Now if said teacher isn't capable of teaching in a manner that appeals to the students or if he lacks the skills to explain the content, his students most certainly will not learn much of him, despite his enormous knowledge. The students will hate to attend his classes. They will get bored easily or some of hem won't understand what he is trying to teach them. Sure, there will be a handfull of students understanding his classes and following them, but they will be an exception. Most of the students will get frustrated and stop paying attention to him, what will reflect itself in their grades. 

A teacher with amazing socialskills on the other hand will be loved by his students. He is able to design his classes in a manner that makes the students want to listen to him and stay focused. He most likely will take his time to explain the content to them again and again if necessary. But the thing is that even the most beloved and socially skilled teacher is worthless, if he fails at what his main purpose is; teching his students somethin. Their grades might be realy great in his classes, but if he lacks the knowledge of the subject he teaches they won't realy learn anything. Or even worse, they might learn things taht aren't correct in the way they were it taught. So when they get a new teacher in said subject, they will have a big,big problem.

In conclusion one can say that both extremes aren't helpfull for the students future. Generally a good mixture of both attributes named in the title makes the best teacher. Some teachers will tend to be more on the "knowledgeside" and some of them more on the "socialskillside" and how they are perceived by the students always is subjective. 