In the following essay I want to argument on the statement that a teaches`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
A nice teacher is an important part at school because of a good school klimate, but it is everything you want to have a good school day. First you must know, what is for you the best and exiting school day, maybe you are just tired and want to sleep. I think then school is very boring an you just sit there an want the lesson is over. But if you want to acheaf good grades you must be organised and interestend in the lessond and in this reason ist could be funny sometimes.
When you have for example a teacher, who is nice and talk with all the stundents just to have a good relationship, I do not know if it is possible to lean a lot from them. Furthermore you can get a totaly stupid teacher, who always wants you to work all the time and you are not allowed to have fun with you friend sometimes.
A next point is your later life. When you had a good school and good teacher you will know a lot of things and you can use them to improve at your working place. If your teacher did not know something about his suject and you as a student must say him, that for example your opinion is right and he is wrong and this all the time. One the one hand you as a student fell not good because you are at school to learn something and one the other hand I did not think that the teacher would be a long time at school because the students say that you are wrong all the time.
Also you can get into mode when you teacher always talks about his life and the students give their experience or things like this. You can get lazy, did not want to learn, write bad grade and maybe you did not want to study anymore.
In my oppinion a teacher with an ability to relate well with students is an important point but it is not more important than the exact and excellent knowledge of the subject because you are at school to learn something and not to talk with you teacher about your weekend. 