The statement "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" can either be seen as inefficient or as efficient. In the following text I'm going to give arguments for both views.
The importance of the ability to relate may be seen as ineffecient, because knowledge is what's more important for pupils. If a teacher can talk to the students like they are friends, but doesn't teach them anything, the students will get bad grades.
On the other hand, if a teacher only teaches his knowledge and is very strict, the pupils probably won't like his class and for that reason they won't learn much. For example if a teacher just writes what he has to teach on the board and says some sentences about it, the students will be bored and won't listen to what he says or read what he writes.
But again, not having excellent knowledge of the subject taught is also bad. If he's able to tell the students in an interesting way what they are about to learn and also teaches his subject well, but is not informed about new stuff, which could be important for the subject and would need to be in the next exam, the pupils would again get a bad grade. For example in physics, when scientists find out something new which changes basical formulas, but the teacher doesn't know yet and only gets told when he's about to have the exam with his students, they would, like already said, fail the test.
Still, it's important for the teacher to be able to relate. If he knows the subject well enough and he's having his first or second lesson about a new subject his class is having, but the majority of the students are not able to understand it, the teacher would need to relate in order to try and make them understand. If he couldn't relate at all, he would just repeat what he said over and over but still nobody would understand it.
These reasons lead me to the opinion, that while knowledge about the subject is a bit more important, the teacher should be able to relate anyways. So no, I disagree the ability is more important than excellent knowledge, but I consider it to be almost equally important.