Thinking realistic, I have to disagree with the idea that a teacher has to relate well with his students, more than to having knowledge on a high level. Of course today a good relationship between teacher and students is strongly wanted, but only the fact that in the past teaching went well with the teacher as a strong authority with permission of violence and things like that makes me think that a good relationship shouldn't be the most important value. On its core school could be compared to a ecomomical structure. Things like relationship aren't necessary in the first point to pass school. Its about making grades, getting confronted with knowledge I will call it education from  now on,  and most of the times making this knowledge its owns. It's education. On this basis a strong, dogmatic teacher is able to teach the schools education just fine and the more education he has acces to the more education the school is able to give its students on their way and the more education one student is able to aquire. I have to mention that this pragmatic view of a school only works with a critical, self-thinking stereotype of a student, who is able to separate both his opinion and the schools and who isn't afraid to question the education of the school and to seek proves for this education on his own. A contrast is given between the teacher and the student and this contrast lets both shine even brighter, the teachers education and the students way to his own knowledge. Like that every generation has to justify societies view on his own again and it begins to change and control it's way in an almost organic way.
A whole different point not mentioned at all in the statement is a teachers ability to teach. This has neither to do something with the relationship nor with ones own knowledge. On first hand it seems completly logical that a teacher with great knowledge but not the ability to teach at all, can't consider himself a teacher because he isn't able to teach anybody anything. On the other hand it's important how we define relate well with his students. If we define this relate as a sort of standing on good terms with it's students, theres again no information about the ability of the teacher o teach and he could as well be useless. But one could as well define "relating well" as a form of treating each other with respect granting questions and letting each other space to live. I would consider this part as a part of the human rights and again seems to be of highest value but not giving information about the teaching ability. The only way I could agree to "relating" as more important is in a way of action and reaction. The teacher is giving input and is able to respond to input of his students as well. This kind of organic teamwork could lead to the best form of teaching, if as I said before a general knowledge is given.
