The question I am going to analyse asks if it's more important that a teacher can relate with his students or he needs to be have an precise knowledge of his subject.

Of course, a teacher needs to know something about his subject. The teacher can be the best friend of his students but this isn't his job. I am going to school to learn something and get my graduate and my teachers need to prepare me for the big exams. If he just jokes with me I'm going to have problems in getting my graduate. And that causes problems for my whole life. 
But being just a strict, boring teacher will lead to problems by preparing his students. Because of that there is a science which is specialised in how to teach a student right. The lessons need to be interesting because then, students may be interested in learning something. If the lessons are boring students are going to ignore the whole hour and that cause individual problems.
I say that you have to be able to create an individual teaching system that is based on an excellent knowledge of the subject and a, in a way emotional, relationship with the students. On the one hand you have to be able to answer all the question students may have so you can afford a progress in lessons. On the other hand you should be able to build up a relationship with your students so that they are feeling well in lesson. To get there you need to have time and there's the problem: In our society the teachers doesn't have that time because of having stress. The teacher shouldn't spend his whole life but we need to afford a systems that may get nearly to that standard.

Because of this arguments I think it is important that the teacher is able to create a comfortable atmosphere in building up a relationship with his students. Just in that case students are probably interested in lesson and can afford progress. But progress needs knowledge so the teacher also have to be able to answer questions and can easily make the students understand the things in class. All this is based on being interested as teacher too.