It is a topic which is often discussed between the students itself, but also between the students and adults.
Should there be a relation between teacher and students and if so what is exactely meant with a relation between the teacher and the students. But it is very difficult to say if it is more important than the knowledge.
In my opinion this statement is in a way correct, because I know through experience that if the teacher is bad my marks will become worse. But if the teacher is a motivated one, it can be that my marks will be better than usual. Of course it can happen that the marks stay the same, but the teacher has a huge influence on it. The reason why I am explaining it with marks is, because it shows if you got the knowledge and the topic or not. 
During certain lessons I do not pay attention, because I know I would not learn anything, because the teacher seems to be bored and does not really want to teach he rather wants to earn his money and after the lesson the wants so escape from the school. 
Eventhough I can not really agree with this statement, because we go to school for earning the knowledge and to learn new things. So if we had a better relation between the teacher I would be fine with that as long as we still can learn things.
In addition, I think that it should be exactely a teacher's ability to be friendly and to have a certain relation with the students and at the same time being a good teacher and teach in an interesting way.
To sum up, there should be a relation between the teachers and the students as far as they can laugh sometimes in between and as long as they have respect on both sides. I would not say that it is more important than knowledge, but it is as important as the subject, because it depends on the teacher how interested the students are and how active and motivated they are. And if that is the case the better the lessons and the faster and further you get with the lessons. So through a good relation between the teacher and the students the knowledge will be better and the students can remember the things for a longer time.