This article focuses on the qualities a teacher might or might not need to satisfy a student's needs. It's quite a controversial thing to talk about since students nowadays are extremely different and society likes to see everyone as an individual that can not just be generalized with other people of its age group. But what is it, that truly separates a great teacher from a mediocre one?
Firstly, I agree with the statement since relating with students and being able to motivate these people is a huge factor for school to function properly. I wouldn't go as far as saying it is more important than possessing the ability to teach the subject. After all, school is still a place to learn different skills, to adapt to different scenarios and to grow up in a more sophisticated area than just your average playground. That does not mean that being able to communicate with students in a way that they're not discouraged to go to school every day can be left out.
To explain my point, I will demonstrate two completely different teachers. On one hand you've got a teacher that likes to have a chat with students and maybe bring up some interesting stories or hilarious jokes to entertain them. Students absolutely adore school and they love to return to this teacher's lessons. In the end, what do they gain from this style of 'teaching'? Sure, it might be a brilliant way to enjoy their childhood and it could give them some time to relax or have fun, but that's not what school is for. Teachers do not get paid for entertaining students but rather for teaching them things they will need in their adult lives. 
On the other hand, you could imagine a teacher that does nothing but hand out tons of work and talk for what might seem endless amounts of time. Students, especially at a younger age, will be completely demotivated by the technique the teacher likes to use and the quality of their work will decrease over time. Even though he's able to put a lot of knowledge into his lessons, he can't quite keep the students' attention on his valuable work. He's probably extremely smart but he's not in a position where he can teach his skills to others.
In conclusion, a perfect balance between these two situations is just what students needs nowadays. They can't just come to school to have a good time and hang out but they also can't be completely drained from their energy and motivation. The teacher needs to keep the concentration but also the motivation of his students on a high level without focusing on just one of these criteria.  