In the following essay the statement that a teacher's abilit to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught will be analysed. 

There are some arguments that agree and some that disagree with the statement.
On the one hand the knowledge of course is important. Students go to school to learn something and if a teacher does not know much about the subject the students do not learn anything as well therefore there would not be any reason to go to school at all.
A large amount of knowledge in the subject the student learns in school is important because school should prepare the students for university or the job later. A person that for example would like to study medicine but had a biology teacher that did not know much about the topics they teach will have major problems at university because it builds up on the things you are supposed to learn at school. The student will either fail university or has to study a lot more than the other university students at home to get the same knowledge as them. 
It is especially very important as a language teacher to have a good knowledge of the vocabulary and the grammar because otherwise the students will learn the language wrong or not at all and they will only be able to say just a few things, eventhough languages, especially english, are very important nowadays. It is nearly impossible to have a job, go on vacacion or simply communicate with people from foreign countries later in life if you cannot speak english. So you could say a language teacher without much knowledge could ruin the student's future life and career.
On the other hand it is obvious that the ability to relate well with the students is very important as well. There could be a teacher with a very good knowledge in their subject but if they do not know how to explain the topic to the students they will not learn anything because they will not understand. An example for this is a math teacher at my old school. He was very good at math and could calculate the hardest exercises but he could not understand why we did not understand some things or why we did not know how to calculate something. He could not relate to the students that were not that good and therfore I had bad grades. As soon as I changed schools and got a new teacher my grades got better. Maybe he has a smaller knowledge than the old teacher but I understand more in the lessons and feel more comfortable studying for math because I did not give up hope.
Another important argument is that most of the things you learn in school you will not need ever again. If you do not want to study physics you will not need to know how most physical things work because it will not be an aspect in your daily life.
I also think that it is very important for a primary teacher to relate well with the students. Of course the things you learn in primary school are the basis of all knowledge you will get in your future life but especially younger children need to have someone who shows them how to study and how to understand exercises because they will not learn it by themselves. I hear very often from people that they like school or go to a Gymnasium because they had a good primary teacher who cared about the students and other people tell me that they always hated school because their teacher did not care much about them and could not relate to them.

I come to the conclusion that both is important but especially for younger children or teenagers in puberty a teacher who can relate tho them is more important. They do not care as much about school and studying and have many problems in their personal life and a teacher who can encourage them to work for school and like it or who can help them with their personal problems as well can be a major positive influence on the students future life.