It is a problem of our time, that everyone is starting to doubt about the teachers ability to either teach, or even the subject he is teaching. Some decades ago if the student wasnt going well in school it was his fault, but today parents are starting to blame the teachers about their childrens bad marks. 

As I have to widness everyday in my school teachers with a lacking knowledge about their subject are becoming a problem, since prooving the teacher wrong is very easy and his authority will be undermined. If the teacher, especially in secondary school, isnt that good in the subject he is teaching, he cant possibly be a good teacher, since the few things that get taught, for example in maths, get to a nearly as high niveau as the teacher learned in university himself. And since the teacher isnt teaching everything, and the paper he handed out are good, there will be some students who will just know it better. And if the students start knowing it better than the teacher he completely lost his credibility, not only in the actual topic but also in the others who are coming. Furthermore students sometimes are like dogs, they sense the teachers insecurity, and some will even start abusing that by making fun of him.

But if the teacher has a great ability to relate to students, he might regain his authority and credibility. If he can teach the students a difficult topic which he maybe doesnt even understand himself very well, easily to the students, there is no need for his expertise on that topic. For example if the physics teacher always has to check on his paper what the right answer is, because he doesnt know it himself he would be a bad teacher. But if he manages to teach the basis of that topic very good and everyone gets it, the students can work out the harder stuff themself and just ask about the right solution, in this way they might not even find out about his lack of knowledge.

Since the school I am in isnt really one of the best, neither a good one, I get to experience all kind of bad teacher. But honestly I think a mixture between good knowledge and the ability to relate to student is all it takes to be a good teacher. And being better in relating to your students or knowing a lot about your subject is even better. 