Students need to know much about their subject but the way they are being taught is the most important aspect. Some teachers try to just give them any knowdledge but they dont really care about their students and if the teachers do not really relate with their students it is hard to understand fot them because the easiest way to understand anything is on a funny way or something like that. And if teachers only talk to their students without any relation to them the students cannot really understand all that stuff eight hours per day. The teachers have to create their lessons on an interessting way so the students can follow almost every single word they get told. For example last year: we had such a boring english teacher and I had really bad grades because i never listened to her but the actual stuff was very good but it doesn´t help if I dont listen; and now we got a really good english teacher ( in my opinion the best) because he makes really often jokes on our level (so not these oldie jokes) and every lesson he gets us to laugh really hard and every lesson is good created and english became one of my favourite subjects and that happened because of the new teacher.
But on the other side some students try to get an advantage if they relate well with their teachers. For example our spanish teacher... One of our students does what he wants to and if she tells him to stop he can´t take it serious and goes on like that, and that´s because of our good realtion to her. 
Some teachers do not have the strength to tell a student on which point they have to stop because they are still stundents and the teachers are teachers. So it is possible that it can get out of control. So they have to be very careful and they have to tell them when they have to stop. If the students follow these words everything is fine and both sides get adavantages.
If a teacher can solve that problem the best way is to relate well with students so they can talk to them and they listen to you and they can keep that better in mind.