Firstly, it can be boring if a teacher doesn't know how to relate to students even though he could have an excellent knowledge of his subject. Students who aren't very interested in someone's subject won't listen and as a result won't be able to understand the things taught.

But if a teacher can relate to students, students who normally wouldn't like a subject, can enjoy the lessons and so learn more.
For example - (not the right "line" but I don't know how to do the right one on this keyboard) I would think I have got the right to say this -  everyone in our class enjoys going to chemics class. The reason for this is our teacher who teaches things to learn in such a funny and interesting way and who is just such a nice person. As a result, the average of our notes is usually very high. (What probably could also not be a result of motivated learning students and more a result of a nicely correcting teacher.) But anyway, to say our chemic teacher wouldn't have an excellent knowledge of his subject, would be a lie.

To go with our last example, we have also got a math teacher who is also somehow able to relate to students. But the average of our exams is normally horrible and nobody seems to understand difficult stuff. And actually, our math teacher doesn't either completely.
Teachers are the persons who give all their knowledge about one specific subject to their students. And often, they are the only person, from who their students get things about the specific subject told. Imagine, these persons haven't got an excellent knowledge about their own subject and tell things that are not true. Or aren't even able to teach their knowledge understandably because they haven't understood it by themselves.

As a conclusion: No, a teacher's ability to relate well with students is not more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. This maybe goes with primar school students but not with older ones. The best way for a teacher is to be able to relate to students AND to have an excellent knowledge of the subject!