It's a high dicused topic in schools all over the world: What makes a good teacher? Is it the teacher's ability to relate well with his students or is it more important to have an excellent knowledge about the subject being taught?
The question seems simple, we're tempted to say: 'the knowledge of course!' But wait a moment... Of course it is important as a teacher, to know what you're talking about. It's important that the kids learn and educate well, and even more important, don't false stuff. A teacher should always be able to answer questions and explain why everything is like it is. But is it really that important, that a teacher has all of this information in his head? In the time of the internet? And what are then the books for then? Of course, a teacher should know the subject well that he's teaching, but there probably is a much more important ability, than knowing always everything straight out of his mind, that a theacher should have. It is the ability to relate and connect with the students. A teacher, standing in front of his class, just talkig about facts, dates and formulass until the bell goes and he leaves the class room, isn't a good teacher. Even if all he said was correct, even if he is just as bright, even then, he's not. Because probably 50% of the students stopped concentrating after ten minutes. Another 10% wanted to ask questions for the last 15 minutes and the guy in the back end corner is probably asleep. But what did the teacher do wrong? He didn't relate to his students. He didn't include them in the lesson. He didn't make his lesson interesting enough and they probably don't like him anyway. A teacher that comes into the class room with another attitude, with the ability to connect with his students well, will always be the better teacher. Because of his ability to make himself and his lessons very interesting to his students. The students are then much more motivated and will definitelly remember more of what they learned in school when they get older, than the kids in the class room of the ?professor like teacher? and his big knowledge. They probably didn't hear that much dates, did probably not learn every single fact about th topic they were writing a test about, but they did understand. And with that understanding they learned. And that's what school is all about right? Learning... So for me, the ability to relate well to his students is much more important for a teacher. Knowledge can be studied, or been taken out of the world wide wep within seconds. But the ability to connect and relate well with you're students, that's an ability you either have, or have not.