It is a fact that it is important for students to have fun with leraning so they want to learn more and so they learn with enthusiasm. Some people say, it is more imporatant, that a teacher's ability to realte well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.

Of course it is important that a teachter knows a lot about his subject, but if a teacher knows really much but cannnot deliver his knowledge to his students, because he cannot explain the themes or students are just bored in the lessons his lessons are much worse than a teacher who do not know as much as the other but can explain the theory to his students. For example if you get 30 sheets and at the end of the lesson you do not know anything more than before it would have been better if you would just have prepared one or two of those sheets with theory woth the teacher, you would have done some exercises and a funny game at the end but now you know how to use the theory. 
Another important point is that children themselves want to go to school if they have fun there with teir friends but also if they have fun in their lessons. And if they want to learn more for them selves it is easier to learn them thing as if they do not want to learn anything. It is also important that the students can talk with his teacher and ask him for help and do not have any fear to ask questions. A teacher should be able to answer the questions of his students but a teacher is also just a human being and do not have to know everything about the whole world. 

In my opinion it is more imortant that a teacher knows how to relate well with his students than having an excellent knowledge of his subject. But it is also important that he knows the important things of his subject and students learn something of their teachers. I think sometimes it also depends on the subject the teacher is teaching. For example in music you should have fun with singing and you should have the ability to forgett the world around you and do not have to think of learning as much as possible but if you think  of a maths lesson you should learn algebra and geometry and you should not walk around during the lesson and you sould not just play games to learn someting.


