Yesterday I had chemistry class and I realized how important it is for a student to have a good relationsship with his teachers. Our chemistry teacher would have failed our latest German exam. She was born in Poland and moved to Switzerland a couple of years ago. Everytime I take her class I'm being annoyed by the fact, that I have to reconstruct her German sentences and put the words she says into the right order so I can better understand what she's trying to explain us. But then again - when I reflect about it - she has this wonderful personality and smile on her face. The way she treats every single student seems much more important to me than her being able to teach us chemistry in the most understandable way. 

Students generally don't love to go to school. Having someone who creates a comfortable atmosphere during the lessons is one of the few ways to win their attention and excitement. When a student develops a certain fascination about a subject it's automatically a lot easier for him/her to pay attention and to actually learn new things. And isn't it the purpose of a school to teach students and giving them the opportunity to learn new things? Of course these things should be correct. Noone should learn false formulas in maths or a wrong date about the beginning of the second world war. Students should be prepared for their future life, going to university and getting a job. It's not only the school's job to teach their students important things for their lifes but it's also inacceptable to teach something that isn't correct or not teaching enough about a subject. A teacher shouldn't play the role of a father or a mother nor should a teacher feel like he wouldn't have to care about his students at all. It's all about finding a something that lays in between these two kinds of teaching.

The statement definitely has a point. But it shouldn't be taken as an absolute correct statement and it should be read with responsibility and thought. I think it is very important to teach in a good manner and for this a good treatment of the students is eminent. Nevertheless the importance of knowledge should never be underestimated for it is not only the future of our children but also the future of this world we're teaching.