Teacher's have always had a very big influence on children's education. Whether this is the material they teach or the relationship they develop with their students is equally as important. Or is it? With the help of the following arguments, I'm going to try and figure out which of these two very important skills of teaching is of more value or if there really is a difference.
Having great knowledge of the subject being taught is an important quality which every teacher must posess. This skill could teach the kids a lot of valuable things for their future careers. A teacher could improve the knowledge of a student more than other teachers teaching the same subject which know less about the given topic. It is normal for a student to ask questions and being able to answer each and every one of these curious minds requires background knowledge of what is being taught. 
However, imagine this as an example: A teacher has earned their doctorate in Phyics and knows every important detail to answer even the most complicated questions a student could ask. But at the same time, imagine that this teacher cannot relate to his/her students at all and he/she never builds a good relationship with them. Neither of the students will enjoy learning the subject if their teacher can't even remember their name. 
This then leads us to believe that a good and understandable teacher student relationship is of utmost importance. Whether a teacher can relate with their students or not can have a big influence on the child's understanding of the subject. From personal experience as a student I can confirm that the teacher is a very decisive component in whether i enjoy studying their given school subject or not and whether i want to study what they teach me in the future. When a student likes their teacher, he/she can learn to love the subject even if they're grades aren't perfect.
I personally agree with the statement that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. As mentioned above, I mainly based my decision on personal experience which I'm sure many of us can agree on.