It is a very controversial topic and every person has a different opinion for their very own reason. What is more important for a teacher, knowledge about his subject? Or is it rather his ability to relate with his students? While I think that relateability is a little bit more important for a teacher than knowledge, one has to find a suitable balance between the two traits. 

Of course there are many arguments supporting or disagreeing with either of the two ideologies. For example, of course, if a teacher does not have a clue of what he is talking about, he will not be a good teacher what so ever. Furthermore, a teacher simply has to have a basic knowledge of the subject he is teaching, because otherwise, the possibility of his students learning anything about it, which normally is the main goal of a teacher, is basically non-existent. On the other hand though, is it actually necessary to have an answer to every single question to a teacher´s subject? 

You see, as I already mentioned, there is no possible way of teaching, without generally knowing things about a subject. But on the flipside, there is also not going to be a progress for the students, if a teacher is not able to build a connection to his students. I think we can say, that we all have or had some teachers, that were better than others. I think the opinion on a teacher being good or bad, hardly comes from his knowledge about something but rather from how good his relationship with the students is. Adding to that, I think that the profession itself has changed over the last years or maybe decades. If we compare nowadays` teachers to the ones thirty years ago, there is a huge difference in personality and manner of teaching. While the old teachers are very professional, strict and often very demanding, the younger teachers, are often a lot more relateable and have a better connection to their students. 

So basically, I think that it is not really a question of do you know your subject or do you like your students. Much more important is, that those to traits, both have to be on a certain level for someone to be a succesful teacher. There is no possibility of learning, if the teacher does not know what he is talking about, while there also will not be any if the teacher acts like a superior and no student wants to listen to him. It is important to find a good balance between the two abilities and that is what makes a good teacher. So I think I agree and disagree with the statement while I tend to prefer a teacher who is more relateable rather than one who accels at his subject.