The statement: "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught", is often discussed. In this essay i'm writing wheter I agree or disagree with the given statement.

There are many differences between our current teachers. There are some who care much about their attitude towards their students and who want them to have a confortable feeling during their lessons. They don't like to punish their students and prefere to give them a chance to recognize their faults. Then there are some who only want to get their stuff through the semester, who doesn't care if the students listen to what they say and who enter and leave the classroom as fast as they can, when finally the lesson is over. But mostly these are teachers who have an excellent knowledge of the subject. 

I experienced that it's something between the two mentioned types of teachers. It's comparable to a presentation. If the presentator can relate well with his auditioners it's much more interesting for them and the presentation is more enjoyable. So if a teacher can relate well with his students it's more interesting for them and they learn more. I think as a teacher an excellent knowledge is necessary. 

The statement says that it's more important that a teacher can relate with the students than the knowledge of the subject but I have to disagree with it. If there's no excellent knowledge, it's difficult to teach with selfconfidence and students always remark a lack of knowledge which a teacher has.

We have a teacher who give history classes and everyone of the class knows that he has a huge knowledge of his subject so we love to learn things of his lessons. At the same time he's a good presentator and he can relate really well with his students. But I think that the part with the huge knowledge leads us to our motivation in learning things from him and not the other point.

To come to a conclusion, in my opinion both aspects of the way someone teaches are important but I think it's more important to have an excellent knowledge.