Nowadays many people are going more than 15 years to school, so everything that has to do with the atmosphere or climate of learning and going to school is very important.

First I think it is important that a teacher is nice and has a good sense of how to handle people especially students. When a teacher himself loves his subject and shows this emotions the children or students are more likely to be willing to learn something in this subject. The creativity of a human-being can grow when this person is feeling comfortable and know that the teachers is going to understand him eventhough he makes mistakes.
Of course the ability to relate with students is a big advantage when they do not understand something, because a student is more likely to undeerstand something when the teacher really cares about the knowledge of the individual student.
On the other hand it does not help you when a teacher has a great ability to relate with students when he does not know anything about his subject. A lesson can not be interesting when the teacher himself does not have any clue what he is talking about. And it gets even more difficult when he has to explain a student something, when he does not fully understand either.
When a teacher changes his mind on a solution to many times, people get confused and their rules that they have made are messed up. So it is very important that a teacher can clearly explain why something is correct in that way and not in the other.
It is definitely an advantage when a teacher can teach something as precise as possible, because afterwards the students know it to a 100 percent, and will always be able to refer to that.

I think knowledge is more important than the ability of relating well with students, because a student needs the knowledge for his career and when you do not learn anything in school how should you survive the business world. Of course it helps when your teacher is nice, but after all the students themselves are the only ones who will make their achievements based on their knowledge.