Nowadays a person willing to become a teacher has to go through a long education process. In Switzerland for instance teachers have to attend to a specific school that replaces the univesity. There they learn a lot about how to come along with pupils and students. A viriety of studies has shown that it is more likely that a pupil will be amibious for good grades and will go to school without disguast if a teacher finds a personal way to the student. More and more people think that it is a teachers job to get to the students mind through every obsticle that he creates. In my opinion a teacher can only motivate a student if he really understands the chemistry inside his brain. 
My name is Igor and im about two years older than the rest of my class. The reason is that i came from Ukraine five years ago. Before that i went to school in Kiev. When i came to Switzerland i was downgraded and had to repeat a year. The reason were my catastrophic grades. In Ukraine you still have a soviet education system where you are forced to learn much more than in european schools. The teachers though dont even try to interest you in their subject. Either you learn or you dont learn. It is as simple as that. I find it particular hard to put such a great responsobility on some pupils that are eight or nine years old. This children haveonly their freiends, their cell-phone and their computer in mind. They are simply to young to think about their future. This happened also to me. I was one of the worst students in class and simply didnt have any motivation to learn stuff. The percentage of bad students in Switzerland is a lot lower than in Ukraine. You may find classes in Kiev where the half of the class has an average grade of three. It is the outcome of the enormous effort teachers in european contries make. 
When i came to Switzerland I had not changed a bit. I still got my bad grades and i was perfectly fine with that. My german teacher always commented on my grades. He always told me that next time i will better. After the forth time i just wanted to make him happy and i did my homework and learned for the exam and got the best grade in the entire class. After that i did not find it very difficult to have good grades in German. As the time passed more and more teachers found a way to motivate me somehow and at the end of the year i was one of the best students in my class. It was an enormous surprise to me as well as to my parents. Nowadays I have the best grades in as swiss gymnasium. If i tell this fact to my old friends in Ukraine then they will simply not believe me. It is impossible to them that someone who had such bad grades in school could reach such success in a differnt country with a different language. My responce to them is always: teachers in Switzerland have other priorities than teachers in Ukraine. They find it more importand to have the ability to relate will with students than have an excellent kno.