Knowledge is most likely the most importamnt thing for a teacher. But is it the most important thing? If the teacher knows everything but how to teach it is he a good teacher ? In fact it is also important to realate well with students. However is it more important to relate well with sutudents than an excellent knowledge of what is being taught?

It is said that knowledge is the most important thing. A teacher is the person who gives you knowledge and if this person doesn't know his subject by heart and doesn't have an excellent knowledge of the subject how can he teach the students thouse subjects right? It isn't the problem of the teacher to have the ability to relate well with students.

Another big point is that it isn't in the reponsibility of the teacher wheter the studen is listening or not. It isn't his problem if the student will pass or not. He gains his loan anyway so why should he care about a good relationship between him and his students.

On the other hand, if the teacher doesn't relate well with his students nobody cares of what he is trying to teach. He can know everything by heart and have an excelente knowledge, the students won't listen to him because they don't like him. 

Even tought it is quite important for a teacher to have an excelent knowledge of the subject, it isn't that bad to forget some details. Nowadays the teacher and even the students can look up things with eas. But you can't teach someone who isn't listening to you.

To sum up, it is important for a teacher to have an excelent knowledge of the subject he is teaching but it is way more important to have the ability to relate well with students. Because the students are the future and they need to have an good education. But if the teacher doen't relate well with students, the students won't come to school with motivation so they won't learn much. In my opinion a teacher takes responsibility of every student he teaches. He has the responsibility of what they lern and what they can in the future.