It was always a quetions if the knowledge or the ability is more important in schools. Nobody was really sure.
Knowledge is really important, because teachers have to give their knowledge to students and so they didn't have to a well ability with the stundents.
But when teachers had a well ability with students, They will learn more with fun and they will learn more cause of the ability. 
Of the one side when teachers had a really well ability with students bur their knowledge is really bad, then they would have a problem because they have to learn in schools. Of the other side when they had a really bad ability with students. the students won't come to school or they won't go to class when exactly  that teacher has class. 
Secondly students likes more when they had a nice teacher, for example when the teacher had a well ability with their. Or they will speack with teachers when that have a problem and they could do it when the sudents have a really well ability with the teacher. So then will be that teaacher so as a friend that you can talk about your problems and all things you would talk about.
Thirtly it is also important that teachers had a well ability with students because of their psycho.The teacher can help students to be social, to communicate with other people. But when teachers have not a well ability students would be asocial, they would really closly and they won't wto speak with aother persons.
But when teachers really don't have a nice knowledge students would have a really big problem, because they need this knowledge for their future.
So they have to learn most things from the school also from their teachers. Students wnet to school because they wantt to learn something, they want to have a nice future, they want have a nice job. So they must learn all the things in school.
I think a teacher should have a well abilitiy with a student and it should have also so much knowledge that the students could made their plans. in conclusion a teacher don't have an excellent knowledge, but a well ability is really important. 
 