This statement has lots of truth in it. There are many students who say that their teacher might be very intelligent and have a big knowledge about the subject or class that there teaching. But they also say that often these teachers can`t really teach their knowledge to their students  because they just don`t know how to relate with the students. If you want to teach something to someone or even a group of people you need to be able to connect with them. Each person is different and each person learns in different ways. So the teacher should be able to explain it in different ways to the idividual people. Of course the teacher needs to have some knowledge. But if the atmosphere in the class room is not right and the connection between the teacher and the students is not there then it is much harder for the teacher to get the students attention and for the students to understand and learn what they are being taught. Sometimes the students get the feeling that their teacher is too intelligent which leads to his inabilaty to explain it to people who have never heard about it. They talk to fast, usually use difficult words nobody understands and this makes it hard to keep up with whatever you are supposed to learn. But on the other side it might be good if the teacher has such a big knowledge because he can teach his students some extra or interesing information. And if he uses words they don`t understand they can look it up and even get a bigger vocabulary through that. 
I think it is really important that the teachers are well educated which includes knowledge but also how to relate and interact with their students and how to work with them. As it is said above it makes a big difference in the learning progress of many students if the teacher can relate to them and if the atmosphere in the class room is good. So for the future the education of teachers should include lots of knowledge but they should also be taught how to teach the right way for example by learning how to relate to their stundents and much more. Both aspects are really important and every teacher should have both and I don`t think one is more important than the other because every good teacher has both of them.


