                                    The Dilemma of a relatable teacher


Students often find themselves misunderstood or not taken serious by the teachers at the school. Although the teacher may have a vast knowledge of the subject they are supposed to teach, they may still not be able to educate the children properly as the children will not pay any attention if they do not feel a certain connection to the teacher. Therefore, some people believe that the teacher's ability to relate to his students is more important than the teacher having a vast knowledge on the subject taught.

A possible advantage of being relatable to his students is that it would allow a teacher to involve them more into his lectures and have them listen and pay attention. Pupils would feel involved in the subject which would cause a more dynamic lecture.

Another advantage would be that the students would feel less misunderstood and would benefit more from classes, as they would not fear asking any questions, as simple they seem, as they could rest assured that the teacher can relate to them and will not make fun of them because of their questions.

A disadvantage would be that although the pupils would not fear asking any questions, the teacher may be left unable to answer to complex or controversial topics as they may lack the knowledge to do so.

Secondly, the teacher being relatable to, could cause the teacher to not be taken as serious as other authorities, making it more difficult to properly manage a lesson, resulting in the topic not being properly discussed as well as a lack of complexity within the topic, which is often required for further educational systems such as university.

In conclusion, I would say that while it is important for the teacher to be relatable, it must not be on the cost of the lessons' quality. I once had such a teacher, and the result in said subject was rather horrendous and it took me a lot of additional work to get on the same level as other pupils in order to attend my current school.