After the first day of a new school year students often are asked "How is your new teacher?" Very few of them would answer with "He seems very intelligent", or "I think she can teach us a lot." Most of the students would answer with "He seems quite nice", or "She has a funny accent." Of course the first thing you happen to notice about a person isn't their knowledge or their intelligence, mostly it's something unique, the way they relate with their environment. Teachers need both knowledge and the ability to relate well with their students. But what is more important as a teacher, the ability of good interaction or excellent knowledge?
Of course teachers need to know more about the subject than their students. They are there to teach and students are there to learn from them and their knowledge, especially if there are open questions teachers need to be able to answer them individually, only knowing what they need to teach isn't enough. Little children adore intelligence and often admire their teachers and want to become teachers too. Teachers are like idols to them, they want to know as much as they do. Knowledge is important, but excellent knowledge is impossible, furthermore, teachers don't need to know everything, otherwise they'll try to teach unneeded information and students will get bored.
If a teacher has a bad relation with their class, the class won't like the teacher and with that they won't like the subject. There's no learning success. If a teacher interacts well with their students they maybe will even like a subject they hated before, just because of that teacher. A good relation therefore leads to a better learning success.
But imagine a teacher with almost no knowledge, a teacher who takes everything out of the book and just wants to have a good relationship with their students. The students will have questions and if the teacher isn't able to answer them, they won't like the subject and the relation will be bad, no matter what the teacher does to make it better. Therefore both knowledge and a good relation are important to guarantee a learning success. Determining which of them is more important is almost impossible because one leads to the other and if one of them isn't there, students won't be satisfied and due to that they will be bad in the subject.