In today's society there is nothing but to be succesfull. Students have to make good marks, to get good jobs, to earn lots of money, so an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is most important of all. The teachers educating the students should be real professinals in their subjects so the students can learn as much as possible and also the right things.
Otherwise, because of today's society students have a lot of pression from their surrounding, like parents. They have to be good in everything, they can't show any weakness. But it is important to have a person in its life to feel confortable with. A teacher is a very important person in a student's life. They should relate well with students to give them advices, to help them in difficult situations. This ability is very important for a teacher and for the student as well. Maybe even more important than an excellent knowledge.

On the otherside teacher's should be an authority for the students, often when teacher's relate well with the students, they are more like friends and less than educating people. Students get along well with their teachers, but they don't learn a lot, because they are more for fun. They talk about life, but they don't talk about mathematics, biology or so. 
To conter this argument you can say, student's learn better when they feel confortable. So it is a very good ability of a teacher to give the students the feeling of being understood. The ambience is better in a classroom where students and teachers get along well. They respect eachother and they can laugh sometimes which is very relaxing to students that are under pression all day long.

I agree with the statement as long as the teacher's knowledge is good enough to teach the students the important stuff. It doesn't have to be excellent, but it has to be good.
In my opinion not every person that relates well with young people can be a teacher, but also not every person with an excellent knowledge of a subject should become a teacher.
I think, a good teacher should have both, a good relationship to his students, as well as a good knowledge of the subject being thaugt. 
But if I had to decide which one is more important, I would say the ability to relate well with students.
You can be the most intelligent scientist but a bad teacher. For me as a student the way a teacher interacts is important to decide whether I like a teacher or not. When I dislike a teacher it is hard for me to find motivation for this subjects which means I'm not concentrated, I don't like doing homework for this subject and in the end my grades are lower. 
If a teacher is fun and can relate go to his students, the subject can be borring itself, but I like to go to his classes which makes me feel motivated to learn something even I actually don't like this subject.
To conclude, the ability to relate well with students is more important than excallent knowledge of the subject being taught, as long as the knowledge still is good enough.