The statement is about which abilities a teacher should have or what he should know. A teachers ability to relate well with students is that he knows how to act with them, how to react and how to be able to teach them something. The knowledge is pretty clear, knowledge is what he knows about his subject and how good he knows it. From where he has the information or if its right what he tells, if it's right in a scientifical way.

Firstly a teacher has to have the ability to relate with his students, otherwise the students don't even listen to him/her or don't even respect him/her. It's important for a teacher because he has to interact with students and he has to teach them well. Secondly the teachers behaviour is included by the ability to relate because it's a question of the human being or of the humans well being. If they don't respect each other there won't be a teacher and his students, only a few people in a room which are doing what they want to.
But on the other side knowledge is incredible important, because if the teacher knows hot to behave and knows how to relate well but doesn't know anything, he's not able to teach something. Knowledge of the teachers subject is important, because the students have to know that the teacher knows exactly what he's talking about, if they see that he doesn't even know what he talks about, they think they can't learn anything from him and they lose their respect to him. With his knowledge a teacher wants to give his students something useful on their way, they want to share their knowledge, so they have to have some. 

I think this statement isn't true but the opposite of the statement isn't correct as well. Ability to relate and knowledge have to be like a couple, they have to be what the other one isn't, they have to help each other and support the other one, it's like water and fire, we need both. They have to go hand in hand. So my explanation is: "Knowledge is the key, but the door which can be opened with the key is the ability to relate well."