Teachers

Todays students are not really motivated in their school career, espessially wenn they are in the age of teenager's. Also todays teacher do really know, how to be on the same wave with their students.
So the question is, is it more importent to relate well with students or is the excellent knowledge of a subject the most important point?

Firstly, its really important to relate well with students, because if you as a teacher do not have the attention of the students, they would not listen to the importent context. So they also do not learn the exact knowledge that a teacher could taught to them.
It's popular that you are more exited to a teacher that you like than to a teacher who always seem like he do not like you or his job at all.

Secondly, if a teacher relate well with the students but do not know the the knowledge of the subject than the students would not learn importent things at all. They would just waste theire time. Were will we became, if all teachers become best friends with their stundent's but the students are not prepared for the university or as well as for the collage. 

Thirdly, the "fight" between studends and teachers are not a good admosphere of working in school. When teachers and students do not relate well with each other, they do not consantrate well on school and the importent context. So, a teacher can have the excellent knowledge of his subject, but the students will not get into it. 

For my own, its very importent that teachers relate well with us students, because i get much more in to a subject when I like the teacher.
I think also it's important to have a good knowledge of a subject. If you will get the excellant knowlegde of that subject you can learn it from a professor in the spesific university. So I think it's more importent to get the students well into the subject as well as to awake the interest of the students.

Finally its important that the "fight" between stundents and teachers will stop and that students like to go to school as well as teachers like their job.