"A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught". 
This is a true statement, in my opinion because of the fact that without relating to subjects with other people or things, you can't understand much about it because you don't know much about it. I know this was a really bad sentence but I kind of have stomach cramps and I don't feel like writing this essay at all. Well anyway, I think that I actually got a good point. I mean now a days or mostly that is a normal human understanding of the brain. Most of the time when studying for something, I connect my understanding with other subjects or even events that I once had the chance to experience. Oh gosh my stomach is killing me right now!! 

Another important point for this argument that I can give you is that students understand teachers better when they can think logic about those subjects being taught, due to the fact that that is a better way to teach students. They understand it better because they know the situation better and that is also a way to develop knowledge in general. By knowing how to make others imagine those stuff you are explaining one another. Now a days it is very important to know how to communicate with others. Without that knowledge you can't make it far anymore. Socializing is key. But you have to be a maverick at the same time. That is also how I live. I'm in the Logang. Haters gonna hate but whatevs. 

Anyway, I'm pretty sure I wrote enough words down, even though they contain unnecessary content. By the way, this laptop is terribly slow. Everytime I type some sentence fast, it stutters I mean does this have to be? It irritates me real bad. And yes it is my problem, because I'm working on this laptop for the next 3 hours! 

Well, I don't wanna complain or anything (even though I am the whole time) but I have like 10 and a half minutes left so I will write a little bit more, even though I surely wrote 300 words already. 

The truth is, there are good teachers that really know how to teach others and know how to entertain others and there are of course also bad teachers that how no clue on how to teach others and don't know how to freaking relate to other people. I wouldn't end up being a teacher if you have anxiety of holding a speech in front of your class. I also wouldn't reccommend you being a teacher if you are an introvert person. 

To be honest I don't have an opinion to this argument. it's difficult to say something about it because I dont care. 