Todays education system is constantly developing and therefore constantly goes through changes. This leads to different teaching techniques  and values being introduced and discussed all the time. We might refere to this as a kind of code of ethics that can be applied to teaching habits and manners. One topic that often seems to find a lot of controverses is the question if relatable teaching is better than achieving a complete and excellent knowledge of a subject.

Critics of that theory might say that we should always aim for accuracy and complete understanding of certain subjects in order to educate students correctly and well. The teaching technique might not quite have such an important role in that context. The teachers only job is it to communicate and declare information, whereas the student has to be willing to pick up that imformation himself.

On the other hand one needs to consider that a student is more likely to be motivated and ambitious when his/her learning environement is more convenient. A relatable teacher might therefore automatically create a more pleasing learning athmosphere than one that isn't. This results in a larger number of willing and interested students.

A relatable teacher also seems to pick up students with problems on the way and bring them back to where they need to be, rather than losing one student after the other due to misunderstandings or malcommunication between student and teacher.

In my opinion it is really important to find a good middle way between a very relatable teacher and a teacher that simply focuses on the act of teaching. As said before, we as students are more likely to do our work properly if we actually feel understood and supported by our theachers. Kindness doesn't simply lead to success though. I think it's also important that a teacher is able to (more or less) forcefully achieve the progress or working process he needs or wants, rather than just trying to meet every single students expectations and needs. It is a school after all and in the end we do need to learn the things our country, state or simply the curriculum asks of us anyway! 