
If the students do not like the teacher it is so much harder to learn the stuff of him. The teacher can have the best knowledge but if he does not have a relationship with the students it will be harder for the students to catch the stuff. Finally the students have to put more time in learning than they would need if the teacher builds a relationship to his students. When students like their teacher they are more likely to enjoy his class and want to know more about the thema. 

It shows the students that you cannot like or actually know everybody in your life but you must work together. Maybe the students will understand that in the
 future you will not know your boss really well but you have to work for him or with him..

When students hate their teacher they will also hate his classes. The impact could be that the students will miss more classes. Students without a relationship to their teacher will more talk to each other. Talking to each other would be not efficent to learn stuff in school. If there is no relationship between teacher and students it will be extremly hard for the teacher to get the respect of the whole class. 

Students have to learn to give people respect even they do not like them. So students have to learn to give respect their teacher without a relationship.

Teachers with the most knowledge have mostly problems to explain the material that means students will understand nothing of what the teacher said. If the teacher cannot explain his great knowledge, the students will not learn and it will ends in "the students from today are more likley to be stupid than the generation before them". 

I think their should be a relationship between students and teacher because it makes so much more fun with a teacher who is personal and real as a teacher who tries to explain all his knowledge in his own language and nobody understands. For me if I have a relationship to a teacher I like to go their and learn from him or her. In my opinion a relationship between students and teacher makes a succesfull result on learning and doing classes. 