When you were a child, did you enjoy going to school? This question will answered by 50% with yes, the other 50% didn't like having to go to school, but why? It is not because of the school itself or the classmates, mostly it is because of the teacher! Everyone of us for sure had a teacher they detested and in some cases this had a bad result on their school career. 

The most important part of our school career is to make good grades, this can only be achieved if you have a healthy relationship with your teacher. That means that if you have a problem, you have the needed trust to go to him and ask for help. If you like your teacher, you will automatically make better grades. This has also been proven by scientific researchs. Children who like their teacher attend on average mor classes and pay more attention to what he is saying, leading to better test results. They also want to impress their teacher with results and don't want to disappoint him.

The teacher also has to be able to put himself into the role of his students. Doing so he will know what his students are capable to do and what is maybe too difficult to them or based on a too high level. In this way he will also know how he has to plan and prepare his lessons so the students take the most profit out of it.

On the other hand it is also a very vital point that he posseses the needed knowledge to teach his students. Otherwise they will not have a successful school career. How does he want to teach them something or answer their questions if he himself has no idea what he is talking about? A teacher has to be able to answer all questions the students ask him therefore there has to be knwoledge not only about the topic but also the background of the topic.

What is to add a teacher that has a lot of knowledge about a specific topic is likely to hold his lessons more interesting and with more enthuasiasm than a teacher who doesn't like this specific topic or has no idea about it. Students will benefit much more from a teacher knowing what he is talking about rather than from someone who is standing in front of them in a very insecure way.

If you ask me i would rather prefer a teacher who is like my frind and who can relate with me than a teacher who has a lot of knwoledge but is just rubbish as a person. I would learn much more about the subject from a teacher I like than from someone i cannot stand. To conclude, I think students having a teacher they can relate with will have on average a better and more successful career than the others.