A teacher has to understand his stundents. They have to be on one level to work efficient together. Nobody should should thinkt that he's in a higher position than the other people in the same classroom. That guarantees a good base for learning new things and being intersted in the sbujects being taught. But on the other hand it should be clear that one person, the teacher, has obviously more power than his students. They want to learn something from him and it isn't the other way around. So the teacher shouldn't be a friend or behave like a friend. He's the chief in the room and the students have to listen and to do whatever the teacher's saying.
It is important that the teacher doesn't demostrates his power. Everyone knows that the students can learn something from the teacher so it is obvious that there is one person who has more power. But without a strict rule that what the teacher says has to be done like he says, there won't be any efficience by learning new things. So there must be clear that you have to follow the rules.
Is an efficient way of learning possible it the teacher's abilitly to relate well with students isn't given?
I think no matter how excellent the knowledge of a teacher is, there is almost nobody who's really intersted in the subject being taught if there's absolutely no sympathie and if they don't like each other. Maybe you don't have to really like your teacher to learn something from him but the teacher has to understand his stundents and the other way around. There should be acceptance on both sides. You should want to listen to the teacher and want to learn something from him altough it won't work. And it won't work if you don't like you teacher, so you're not interested in the stuff he's talking about no matter how excellent his knowledge is. So the teacher's ability to relate well with stundents is more important than excellent knowledge. But there is on the other hand a point where the ability to realte well stops. The teacher isn't your friend and he doesn't has to handle like a friend. So you have to accept that he has more power than you have. Then is a base for efficient learning given.