Nowadays there are teachers who are your best friend and listen to all your problems and the professors who are specialists about their topic but are as cold as a fridge. In order to be a good quality teacher, different aspects have to be fullfilled. Generally, if one communicates with a human being, empathy and the ability to relate to your opposite must be present.
Many teachers lack this emotional intelligence called EQ. They stand in front of the class, throw all their knowledge at the heads of the students and continue with their topic without noticing half of the class not being able to catch up. The reason to this insensitive behaviour may be the teachers being too caught up in their topic and knowledge. Additionally, teachers often take what they know for granted and to be easy to everybody. 
However, the sole knowledge of a teacher may not be enough to effectively teach students about certain topics and theories. Even if the teacher transmits all  he knows about the subject to the class but the students aren't able to follow  because the teacher lacks in ability to relate well with students, this knowledge will be worthless.
However, if the teacher's ability to relate well with students is too strong, he might not be able to hold classes very well. The reason to this may be, that between a stundent and tutor there should be a certain distance or respect. If a teacher opens up too much to students, as he is able to relate well with them, they won't take him or her serious anymore. Thus, leading to a disrespectful relationship between student and teacher. It is important that the teacher doesn't become a friend but remains a person to be respected.
In addition to this, if a teacher gets too caught up in student's affairs and feelings, it could occur that the teacher isn't able to differentiate between profession and private life. The teacher may not be able to draw a clear line between being a teacher and being a friend.
Even if the teacher's ability to relate well with students is an aspect that adds up to the quality of a class, it is of equal importance that the teacher is a specialist about his topic. As the tutor's job is to conduct information to students a very importan part is his knowledge about a subject.
To sum up, it is of considerable amount that a tutor has the ability to relate with the feelings and the knowledge of a student in order to transmit information. However, there should be a balance between being emotionally connected to the student's feelings and being able to stay neutral towards the class. The most important aspect is a well-balanced relation of knowledge na emotional and intelligence.