In this essay the teacher's ability to relate well with students is compared to the importance of excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. In order to do so, it makes sense to have a look at an example.

During finals the students highly rely on the didactics of the teacher and his ability to teach well, so that the students don't have difficulties passing their exams. Here it is indeed important that the teacher reaches a certain level of the knowledge needed to teach the students everything they have to know until they get out of high school and also to attend university. However, the lessons or stlye of a teacher makes school life more easier and creates also a lighter atmosphere in the classroom. Obviously the teacher cannot fully relate to the student because of the difference in age and also their obligation or committment to the job. The teachers must have a certain authority and distance towards the teachers so that a good lesson can be taught. If a teacher relates too much with the student, the teacher and student would be on the same wavelength and as though it creates sympathy it can be difficult for the student to feel in the position of a student, who is more at the base of the hierarchy. Sympathy and feeling sorry for a student during finals can seem good for the student short-term but long-term it won't be guaranteeing success. Instead the teacher should not be too much of a collegue for the student. 

To conclude my statement I feel that a teacher should have a good relationship their students and not look down on them, making them distant and cold-hearted, but also not be like a friend for the student. They have to have a certain knowledge in order to be beneficial for the students and in order for them to pass their exams, which in a way gives them a position of a higher authority. If the teacher can relate well too the students they appear more sympathetic and seem to have a bigger interest in trying to be accepted by the students, rather than actually trying to teach something. Most of all the teacher's job is to extend the knowledge of the student and not to relate well with them. 