Knowlegde is everything, so say many people. But isn't it also impotant to have a good teacher to whom you can relate? Wouldn't you be able to profit more of the lesson? Istn't it more important, to have a teacher to whom you can relate, than one with good Kknowledge of the subject?
I think, it is very importan, that a teacher has social competences and is in the position to relate to his or her students. This would, in my opinion, lead to a better athmosphere in a class and this would furthermore be good for better learning. Students which have a friendly teacher, are more likely to go to school with more motivation, than pupils which are scared of their teacher. Therefore these pupils are more ambitious to go to school and something good aout of it, which means they are more willing to put some effort into school and at the same time have a good time. In addition it will be much easier for the teacher himself, to teach in front of a class he can relate to. A teacher who is respected by his class ,do to a good understanding between the class and the teacher, will be able to do a much better job, than a teacher with good knowledge, but little to no human understanding and therefore with a class which doen't like to come to his or her classes. Lastbut not least, I think students which will go to school under the conditions mentioned before, will keep much more informations in their mind and will therefore have better grades.
On the other hand is the only thing that matters in the end, the grade. Good grades you get by good taught knowlegde. Therefore one can say, a teacher with an excellent knowlege of the subject being taught is the most important thing. It wouldn't lead to a good result, if a teacher is best friend with his students but has no clue what t teach to his students or doesn't know how to explain it. This means, a teacher can be as nice and kindly related to his students, but will create nothing good out of it, beacuse they will not be able to make good grades without a competent teacher. A student doen't nessecarily need a teacher to whom he can relate. in the end, the only thing that matters, are good results And how you reach them is different from student to student. The only thing that will stay the same is that without knowledge the will not be a good understanding of a subject and no good grades.