How to be a good teacher

Everybody knows them: The teachers who get on well with everybody, his lessons are easy and relaxing and full of jokes and laughter but after the lesson has ended, you don't really take a lot of things with you . In contrast, there are the teachers whose lessons are filled with informations, you have to take notes if you want to get a good grade and you really have to motivate yourself for visiting his classes. But after school has ended, you feel like you're a genius in this subject, even though you are happy to never meet the teacher again. So what is the best?

If a teacher has the ability to relate well with students they may learn more of him than the teacher expects. If students are excited visiting his lessons because of the admirable teacher they listen with another kind of attention to the words the teacher says. They want to make the teacher proud and get his attention by writing good marks or giving good inputs during the lessons. For example, I like discussing in history class because the teacher is very communicative and doesn't bring me down if I say something wrong. In contrast, my very well speaking english teacher makes me feel like he doesn't respect students as much as he should and so I don't participate in his lessons even though it would be very good for my personal english skills.
However, lessons in which you don't get in touch with some important topics can be so boring, although the teacher is a easy-going man. You will sit in his class and start thinking of the reasons why you are here and what you could have done with all the useless time you are spending here. For me it is important that can I see a reason for beeing in school, and if I can teach all the subjects the teacher discusses in the class by myself I could go home as well and do all the things in half of the time. 

Summing it up, a teacher should have both: a easy-going attitude and a bright knowledge of the subject he is teaching, but the most important thing is that we learn something during the lessons. And, what I want to mention in the end, a teacher who can relate well with students doesn't have to be a teacher without any knowledge of the subject beeing thaught and the other way round as well. And, what I learned during my stay here in this school, there are also teachers who can do both - or neither one nor the other. 
