Today, teachers are far more than just people carrying around a huge amount of knowledge. They are also humans to talk to, to learn from, to help you with growing up and elaborating your own way of thinking. So, what's more important? Learning alot from someone unfriendly, or learning a few new things from someone you get on well with? In the following essay I'm going to shorty discuss this question. 

You can't deny, that the teacher plays a huge part in whether we really learn new things or just sit around in the classroom. From personal experience, I can assure you: A teacher, which I can easily talk to, makes me learn the informations way quicker than usual. I might as well be more interested in the subject. Not only do I actually want to listen to the teacher's talking, but I also enjoy being around them.
On the other hand, teachers main job is to provide information to students, so they can learn and grow. If the teacher doesn't know much, there's just not much to transfer to the students. Even if you two get on well personally, you might not leave the lesson thinking about how much you just learned. But isn't school just about that? People come, they learn, they leave. And then all the steps repeat themselves each day.
An interesting opposite argument: Having a change in teacher leads in most of the cases to a change in marks. I remember being average in french when I was in 9th grade, while now I'm really good. That's becaused we changed teachers. Of course there a more factors, which influence your marks in school, but the personal relation to the teacher can't be underestimated.
Important as well, is the fact of which grade you're in. Personally, I'd say it's more important having a nice, kind teacher when you're younger. When you're at university, you're fully developed and it's more important to learn as many new things as possible. Having a personal relation to your teacher is a) not possible (there are too many people at university!) and b) not neccessary. 
In conclusion: You might know, I'm in 11th grade now. Having a friendly teacher which can transfer knowledge, makes me understand basics and enjoys remembering the fun at school is more important to me than someone knowing everything about the whole universe. If you really want to deeply dip into a subject, you'll get the chance to do so at university. But for now, there's no need to know more than you can handle.