In school there are a lot of people. A lot of them are teachers, a lot of them are students. The question is always, will it work between so many people.
Every child once said "I hate that teacher" or "My teacher does not like me", but how important is that really? 
In this essay I am going to occupy myself with the answer.

To begin with, it is always more fun when you have a connection with the person. 
One the one hand, not every teacher has an ability to relate well with students, but those who do make something big out of it. In my german class we play a short collective game before the concentration begins and between breaks we do some relaxation excercises. Some may find it unnecessary and funny, but over the years it has transformed into our ritual. This semester a new teacher german teacher came and of course she does not to this kind of activities, which leads to a more pressured and unquiet class. 
What I want to say with this, is that the opportunity to talk to a teacher about something that is bothering one and the words of motivation coming from it do really help to build a great, calme and concentrated atmosphere in the classroom.
On the other hand, some relations do not spark and the communication is monotone and tense.To put an example, a math teacher of mine once told us that she expected more of us and we disappointed her with out bad grades, which were not just the students fault as she always seemed nervous during class and we could not make out what we were learning, including a lot of unanswered questions about the subject. This led to a lot of discussion about the teacher and moreover to a confrontation with the school director. After that incident there is an uncomfortable tension in the classroom when she enters and the grades still do not get better. Given this, It can be said that a decent amount of knowledge of the subject is necessary to teach a class but also the ability to put this knowledge out there and support the students in the best ways possible.

To come to an conclusion, there is no perfect person fulfilling all the expectations we want, especially not when you are a teenager, but the most important thing is to have a good communicative and respectful relation with your students.Nevertheless it is important to know what you are doing and to understand the information that is given to you. 
After thinking about all this, my opinion is that a healthy compilation of good teaching and social skills is the perfect combination to build up a great class.


