The statement is: "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught." Usually inn the break students are talking about everything together and one of the bigggest theme is to gossip about bad teachers or teachers they dislike. What is more important, to have a good relation with the students or a huge knowledge of the subject?
At first everyone wants to have a good relation with the teacher, because the students see him very often. They wand a kind person to be their teacher because school is like the second home from the students. Moreover, the students want to have a funny time in school. A lot of children don't want to go to school, so it's important to make a lesson which isn't boring. The next thing is, to keep the students concentrated, you need personality as a teacher. You have to be strict and kind but not too much of both, you have to be something in between.
On the other side, you have to study for your perfect job. So you need a good practice and preparation. You need knowledge and this should be taught by the teachers. In fact you can explain everything to the children when you have that knowledge. You are in your element and you are the best to teach them. After all, you would be ashamed, if you're standing in front of class and you knew nothing.
In conclusion you can say for a nice lesson you need a good personality on one hand or on the other, you have to know everything.
In my point of view, you can't teach when you don't have any idea of the subject. You must be able to tell the children they have to know and you should be able to explain when you are asked a question. You need to have always a response and you have to be prepaired for all kind of stuff.  In my opinion it's also very important to be nice to the children. If the teacher is too nice, the children won't listen at him and will do whatever they want. If the teacher is too strict, the children might feel uncomfortable or maybe scared. You have to be both. A nice person who is sociable and who's going on well with the students but also a person who knows as much as possible about his subject.