In a Swiss canton there is right now, in the context of a vote, a debate going on wether teachers at secondary schools should have university degree or not. The question wether the skills of a teacher should be focussing on knowledge or the ability to relate with students is often controversially discussed. People arguing for the latter often forget that even the nicest teacher earns no respect in front of a class if he is not completely proficient in his subject.

The question how a teacher earns authority and respect in front of a class is hard to answer. But to just say the better he can relate to the students the more they learn is not really correct. If the teachers knowledge hardly exceeds the one of the best students and the class recognizes the teacher's inability to explain an issue correctly he will lose his authority sooner or later. First of all in front of the class but sooner or later also in front of the parents which is even more problematic. In such a case it plays no role wether a teacher can relate well to his student. Even though a teacher has to be able to lead a class at the same time we need teachers who represent an authority in terms of knowledege.

Of course, at kindergarden we don't need teachers with advanced math skills. But at a Gymnasium the main goal is not anymore to teach social skillls and provide first experiences with numbers. A student has to be prepared for a university. The main goal is the teaching of knowledge and working techniques. The teacher in his role of explaining things becomes obsolete. The student himself has to take responsibility for his learning success. The teacher is the first person to ask if something is not clear. His overall knowledge helps the student. So we don't need someone who can relate to the students but someone who knows more or less everything about his subject.

Even though, especially at younger age, students need to relate somehow to their teachers it is wrong to say that this is the only way to earn respect and provide learning progress for the students. Knowledge and experience in a topic strengthen the position of a teacher and encourage students to acquire new knowledge.

