Every school has different kinds of teachers. Most students would agree that there are always bad teachers and good teachers. But what does a good teacher look like? Is is the teacher's ability to relate to the students or his excellent knowlegde that makes him a good teacher? 

A teacher has the function as a role model and influences a child's development almost as much as the parents do. This is why it is important that the teacher can relate to the children and not only teach them pure knowledge and facts but also something beyond the school subject like morals and critical thinking. A teacher should be able to motivate his students and teach them virtues and prepare his students for their life after their school career. In order to do that a teacher needs to be able to relate well to students, interact with them and maybe even listen to their problems. This way the students have a confidential person and a role model outside of home, which is especially important if the parents fail to do their parental job. he school's function is not only to teach knowledge to children but also to prepare them for their life after school.

In addition a teacher's goal schould be to teach his subject in a way that the students will first of all understand the topic but also be fascinated about it. The students will soon forget all what they have learned if a teacher just serves pure knowledge and cannot relate to the students. But if the teacher manages to teach his subject so that the students will be interested in his topic and be moved by it, they will be more willing to learn more about and will not forget about just after they finished the exam about it. This is why it is important that the teacher can built a connection to the students because the students will on the other hand built a conncetion to the subject. 

In conclusion I think the teacher's ability to realte and connect with his students is the prime criterium for a good teacher because he functions as a role model and life coach and the topics discussed in school will stick to the students memory a lot better.