One profession which was, is and always will be a constant in the human society is the profession of a teacher. It is really important for the improvement of a world to have knowledgeble people to pass down their experience and understanding to the youner generation. This is a fact, but what makes a good teacher? Should he have excellent knowledge of the subject he or she is teaching or maybe it is even more important that he or she understands and can relate to the students?

One way to approach this question is to imagine the two extremes. The first teacher is the most sociable person, but lacks knowledge in his subject and the second teacher who understands his subject perfectly , but lacks understanding his students. 

The first teacher can relate to his students and obviously they like him or her a lot. Because of their affection they love going to school. The teacher understands them and their problems, so they make an effort to learn what he or she is teaching. On the other hand, the teacher does not fully understand his subjuct himself. He is actually not qualified to teach them. Sometimes he teaches the thing and some times he forgets important aspects. The students will have a good time during school and they will learn, but after their time with the first teacher, they will notice that many things they had learned from him are incomplete or wrong. This may lead to severe problems in the future. 

The second teacher knows his subject perfectly, but lacks the social skills to relate to his or her students, so it is likely that the students will not like him and will lack motivation to follow his lessons. This means that they are not interested in his lessons and they don't learn with enthusiasm because the teacher is not able to "sell" his subject. Depending on the topic the students may learn a lot, but in the end they will forget most of the things they learned because the teacher could not motivate them to learn. 

As one can see both extremes lead to equally bad results. Obviously the best way is a teacher who has the needed social skills and the needed knowledge, but this doesn't answer the question of the this essay. 

My conclusion however is that a teacher's ability to relate well to with studenets is more important because depending on how old the students are and what kind of school they visit, a teacher only has to have a certain amount of knowledge. More is not needed, because a 7th grader won't need to understand integration. In this sense the best teachers from the this 7th grade are the ones who are able to relate and all the teachers who can relate, but lacks the aquiared knowledge of his subject shouldnt even be allowed to teach, but if they still do, that then is a problem of the the school for hiring unqualified teachers. 

