In today's time the tasks and the role of the teacher are an often discussed issue. This is espacially due to digital changes. The internet is an endlessely growing plattform of information and thus takes away the teachers ancient role of being the main source of knowledge for children and young adults in our society. One way or the other, it leads to the question of whether a teacher's excellent knowledge of the subject being thought still can be consideres more important then her*her ability to relate well with students. This question is to be examined in the course of this essay.

Intuitively, many parents as well as students may argue that the teachers knowledge is of highest importance, because after all, she*he is the one to teach you and deliver to you the knowledge asked for in the curriculum and prepare you for the test designed by her*him. And in fact, a teacher must know the suject she*he is teaching and she*he should be leading the students in how and what they learn. But that is only one side, and it is the less important one.

The ability of listenig to the students, taking them seriously, building a community where trust enables them to develop into self-confident and responsible members of our society is by far more important. Good teaching today shouldn't even be called teaching anymore. It should be called learning, developping, because the teacher should se her*himself as student as well, she*he must realize, that she*he can't act as superior and all-knowing anymore but must try to learn and work on the specific problems together with the students. She*he must aknowledge that on some topic a student might know more as she*he and that on another, she*he might need to invite specialists to present.

The conclusion that is to draw from this essay is not that a teacher's knowledge or even the teacher her*himself doesn't matter anymore. The conclusion is that nowadays, a teacher has to see her*himself and act not as a bare information providing device anymore but as a tool and as an accompaniance for students in order for them to become responsible and consious members of our society and ultimately learn how and where to get the information and help they need.