There are lots of different types of teachers. The ones that are perfectly able to realte to their students, the ones that are very stricte, the ones that have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught etc.  What is actually best for the students? A teacher that can relate to them or a teacher that has excellent knowledge of his subject?

It is very important for a teacher to be able to relate with students to be able to interact with them. For example if a teacher is able to see how much work students have to do or how stressed they are he or she is able to adapt his or her class to that and maybe doesn't give as much homework or move an exam to a different date to help the sutdents losen up a bit. Furthermore if a teacher is able to relate with students he or she can also step in and help if needed. Supposing a student acts very different than normally, due to a problem he or she has, and the teacher realises this he or she can then act and try to help the student solving the problem. 

On the other hand it can be said that it is immensly important for a teacher to have excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. It is important for the students to learn about this subject properly and exact to be able to perform in the working world. Moreover a student has to be able to do good at final exams testing this certain subject in a test that mostly isn't written by the teacher the student is used to. Also the teacher has to teach after a certain curriculum and if he or she doesn't have all the knowledge needed it makes it almost impossible for the students to learn everything they have to.

To conclude it can be said that both qualities are important for a teacher to be referred to as a good teacher. The teacher has to be able to relate and interact with students to be able to create a relationship that allows both sides to feel  secure and ready to work. On the other hand a teacher also has to have a rather perfect knowledge of the subject being taught. Students tend to ask lots of questions of which a teacher wouldn't have thaught of from the beginning. But with the right and broad knowledge a teacher is able to answer even those questions. 
I believe that a teacher needs both, perfect knowledge and the ablitiy to relate and interact with the students.