Teachers need to have several essential qualities. Sufficient knowledge of their subject is very important, as is a highly developed social competence. This essay will cover the question, weather or not the teacher's empathy towards his students is more important that excellent knowledge of the suject being taught.

A teacher with excellent knowledge about his subject is able to teach his content far more in depth than a teacher that just has sufficient knowledge. This more detailled aproach can on the one hand motivate students to understand the topic even better - the proficiency of the teacher might even act as an inspiration - , on the other hand make them feel overwhelmed by the tremendous amount of information they could be expected to remember. Consequentially, it can be stated that a teacher with excellent knowledge can be very nice to have, but is not totally necessary. Moreover, such a teacher could even be harmful if he expects too much of his students.

However, a teacher that can relate well with students only has positive aspects. He is able to choose the optimal approach in teaching the subject with his skill to understand the students' needs. Not only can he motivate them for the subjects, he will also choose just the right amount of work for them to do to not overwhelm them. If he can explain his topic well, he will be much more effective as a tutor than someone who, even though he has more knowledge about the topic, lacks in social competence. Inappropriate behaviour of a teacher can be far more discouraging than not having knowledge that exceeds expectations.

All in all, what really matters is the amount of knowledge that the students take out of the teacher's class. Even though a teacher with excellent knowledge could theoretically teach the students more, the most important quality is an ability to make the students understand the content. This can only happen if the teacher is able to understand the students' needs. Therefore I would agree that an ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thought.