Some people say that the ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught. I am a student for almost 12 years, therefore I know pretty good what a good theacher should be able to do well. In the following text I want to explain why I think that the statement of these people is correct.
First of all, I know that a theacher should know something about the subject he's teaching. It doesn't really make sense to teach about something you have absolutely no clue about. It's definitely important to know something about the subject you teach. 
But we as students don't need to know everything about this subject anyway. We just need to know a small part of this subject and the teacher just need to know this part as well. We don't need a teacher in for example primary school who needs to know everything about his subject on a college level. It's great if he does but it's simply not necessary.
That leads to another point. If a teacher doesn't know something about a topic, he can always google it. That's no problem. But you just can't google how to relate well with students. That you need to learn for example in a course. It's just so much easier to solve a "knowledge" problem than a "character" problem.
Another thing is that students can easier remember things when the teacher taught them in an interesting way. Even if he says the greatest things but he says them in a boring way, no one will remember them. I think it's better to remember a few thinks from a teacher who doesn't know everything than nothing from a teacher who is just really boring.
Finally I can say that both things, to relate well with student and to know a lot about the subject you teach, are important. But if you would need to choose one thing then relating with students is more important, because you don't need to know everything about your subject anyway, you can always google something you don't know and students can remember suff more likey if it is taught in an interesting way.