Students often wish that their teachers were able to understand them and their situation better. But is it really that important or is it the teacher's knowledge that decides in the end, wether a lesson is good or not?

I can clearly say, that none of our teachers really understand us, considering that they don't care if we have to do lots of other projects and prepare exams for other subjects, because in their eyes their own subject always seems to be superior to the others and more important. So I don't really know a teacher that can relate to us, which causes me to believe that a lack of the ability to relate to us, isn't that big of a problem, considering that we have all good grades and learn a lot. 

If I imagine a teacher, who can relate very well to us, but doesn't have some sort of expertise in his subject,I wouldn't see the point in attending his class at all. We are at school in order to learn something and if a teacher can't offer this, or only in a poor way, I would lose my motivation. Another problem would be that he would lose his respect, because if he can't tell us anything we don't already know, or he even doesn't know things himself, our education would suffer.

But in the end, it would still be nice, if they were able to see that we also have a life outside of their own subject, outside of school and that we would really appreciate it if they would consider to give us less to do. I realise that homework and studying at home is an important part of our education, but when I have to finish three projects, study and read two books in a week, I really doubt that that is a productive way to give tasks. 

At the end I don't relate to this statement, because for me the expertise and knowledge of a teacher in his subject is way more important than his ability to relate to his students. Although it would be nice to have less tasks to do, it is an important part of our education and without it we wouldn't be able to achieve the knowledge we have today. Considering that I don't really have a teacher that can relate to us, but am still doing fine at school and with my grades, I don't think that a lack of capability in relatiing to students poses a big problem.   

