To find my own opinion about this subject it's important to answer one question first; why do we go to school? 
I think we go to school to learn something about the world we are living in. School is not only there to teach us about certain subjects but we also learn to deal with stress and exams, we learn to think logically, to build an own opinion and to solve conflicts with others. 
To learn something about a certain subject, for example history, it is really important to have a teacher that understands this subject well and knows a lot about it. How else can he teach us something about it? But it is also very important to have a teacher that makes interesting lessons, otherwise the students won't pay attention and won't learn anything. We can see that certainly both the ability to relate with students and excellent knowledge of the subject are important. But which one is more important?
If a teacher has great social skills and can relate a lot with students, the teacher will probably have a great atmosphere in class, since he knows how to solve conflicts and how to make interesting lessons.
On one hand, this is especially important in primary school, where the subjects young people learn are very easy for an adult to understand. It far more important to help them learn and understand.
On the other hand, there is secondary school where the students already know how to write and read and how to learn by themselves. Here the knowledge of the subject gets more important for a teacher. The students already know the basics about the subjects, but they're there to learn more about it understand the thing more precisely.
Take the example of a physics teacher in a gymnasium. The teacher has great ability to realate with the students. I assume that a lot of student will like this teacher and they will have probably fun going to physics class, which is very important. But this teacher knows only little about physics, so the students don't really learn a lot about it. Later on in the school career of the student, the students will have to write exams about physics that are not made only by their physics teacher but by other physics teacher that have excellent knowledge about this subject. These students won't have a chance to pass the exams. A lot of them will fail them and even though they always enjoyed physics class they will have problems to keep up with all the other students.
To sum up it is important for a teacher to have great knowledge and the ability to understand the students. 
In primary school the ability to relate with the students is far more important that it is in a gymnasium.
But still nearly all students value a teacher that understands them and they will be happy to have someone to talk to when they're not feeling well. 
