Being a teacher is a dreamjob of a lot of adults or even teens. Spreading knowledge, teaching children how to treat eachother and being able to relate to the children's personal life. It sounds wonderful doesn't it? But what skills are really required to be a good teacher? Let us look a the advantages and disadvantages of this.

First of all, having the knowledge you need to have to teach kids at a school, is the most important ability you need to provide as a teacher. Most teacher's need to have an university degree, as a prove of  their level of knowledge. Not every person, who "seems" smart and nice can become a teacher. You need to earn it first. On top of that, you can't bear the responsibility, if you teach the students something the wrong way, because of the lack of your knowledge. They will have a really hard time to get it right later. Another point would be, if you don't have excellent knowledge of the studies you are teaching or you are unsure about the content, you don't appear serious to the parents, and especially not to the kids in your class. The will stop paying attention in class and lose interest at the subject.

On the other side, a teacher is not just a person, who teaches the students only the subject matter. They need to teach it in the right way. This means they need to make it an interesting lesson, so the students are keen on hearing more about it. This can only work if the teacher are interested in the students personal life. It is very important, that teachers show they care about their students. Just a very simple: "How was your guyses weekend? Did you go to the festival by the lake as well?" can make an impact on the students. The will see their teacher more of an"adult friend" than a strict teacher. Like this the students feel like they are important too, and see the point in going to school, and study and get a job later on.

All in all, there will alway be discussions about what abilities of a "good teacher" should iclude. In the end it is all about who every person likes other people differenty. For instance my friends likes a strict teacher, who only cares about the subject matter and the success of the students, so he can actually learn something. For me, I think it's very important, that  teacher show interest in the students life. Because life at home can influence your academicals success  lot. 


