First of all bitch, I don`t give a shit about anything that is written right here. It`s the last week befor the summer holidays and you have nothing to do than to annoy me with your fucking test no one cares about. Do I really look like someone who wants to study English? That my english teacher is fucking moron isn`t enough, no, now you have to waste my fucking spare time which I don`t have much of to make this stupid test. I don`t need a grade, nor a test result, nor a dumb teacher to tell me that I`m good or bad at English. I fucking am good enough. And I said good enough because I know I`m not perfect, yes I make mistakes, but who the fuck cares? If I would ever visit the U.S. or England my english knowledge would be enough. I`m so pissed of right now about that fucking bullshit oh my God you can`t imagine what I`m going through right now. I have my drinving test this Friday, THE SECOND TIME BY THE WAY BECAUSE I DIDN`T PASS THE FIRST TIME!!! This is sad. Not that I can`t write or speak English perfectly but that i fucking failed my fucking drinving test. That was something for life, like nigge do you even have a life? Whoever has to read this I`m sorry I don`t want to offend. But this is a big piece of horse shit. 

And to answer the question (I may be a little impulsive but I`m not unpolite) I think a teacher should have both abilities. The ability to relate with students but also the ability to teaching the subject. As I already said, my English teacher is a moron, 99% of the time we watch movies or talk to each other. And when it comes to a test he pulls every grammar topic into one lesson because he doesn`t want to waste so much of his time teaching ous something. That`s also the reason I went from a 5.5 to a 4 in two years. And here we come to my point: He can relate with us students, he`s kind of cool but for fucks sake he can`t teach English. I mean he could if he wanted to but he`s lazy fuck. And my history teacher for example is the opposite: She can`t relate with the students, she doesn`t know why we were so bad at a test, or why we struggle with a topic but she fucking knows something about history which is pretty cool.
You know being a teacher is not an easy profession. I have a lot of respect because they educate our future. And also my children will be taught by teachers and their children and so on. People say that robots will educate our children but I don`t think this is ever going to happen. You need this humanitiy, you as a teacher need to understand a student. Having an excellent knowledge isn`t enough you also have to communicate and most important ask yourself what can I do to motivate my students or whatever. You know I have seven minutes left now and I don`t want to write anymore so fuck of right now. I want to go home. I want to see my cat. I want to read my book. I`m reading the female pope (I have no idea what the english title would be but in German it would be "Die Päpstin") and most important I HAVE TO STUDY FUCKING PHYSICS!!! Do y`all even have an idea how complicated this shit is? Not that I`m bad at it but I would be great if I could keep my good grade because I need physics in my future. I want to go in this direction. And as you can see I can write English. Nopt perfect but I can. So what`s your fucking problem? Do you really think a fucking grade can bring me down? A number at the end of the year? 





NO IT FUCKING DOESNT, peace bitches I`m out