Nowadays, customer service is valued almost as much as the product you're going to aquire through it. What most people don't realise is, that this high demand in customer service is implied everywhere, sometimes even subconciously. 
That's the case in normal schools as well, where an individual and relatable way of dealing with students is more and more a requirement instead of a welcomed beneficial trait of a teacher. But this new requirement spawns a plethora of new questions to its benefits for the students. such as: is a teacher that is accepted  by the class more valuable for it than a less likely but more competent one?
There isn't a clear answer, one thing to consider however, is that the main objectif of a teacher always should be to enlighten their students, and to enlarge and develop their knowledge and understanding of the world.
 So, if we look at this pretty clear main objectif, the answer should be at hand. But it isn't. Even if this principle may have implied in earlier years, when teachers were aloud to hit their students or punish them in another inhuman physical or psychologycal way, nowadays it is not. As time moves on, so do social rules, as they are being influenced by parents, who had to endure this torture, they now may wish for something else for their children. Where the perfect teacher earlier on was a person of total respect and knowledge, they should today be someone that can account for every specific need of each individual student, while maximizing their possible contribiution for society. If this approach is actually the best one is up for debate, what shouldn't be is the competence of any teacher.
 The way I see it, teachers should all be on the same level, whereas if any one teacher proves to relate more to their students, they should be preferred. But if there are two teachers applying for a job and one is more relatable whereas the other one is more competent as a teacher, than the latter person should get the job, in my opinion at least.
In conclusion, teachers should mainly be educating mentors, and not a friend on a personal level, however if they do manage to lighten the mood in the class room without sacrificing any professionality, then they would fit perfectly into what I percieve to be an ideal teacher, wether this way of teaching something is actually the best, or if students should aquire all the knowledge they seek by themselves is a question for another day.