In this essay I am going to write about how important the teachers ablility to relate well with students is compared with an excellent knowledge a teacher should have in the subject he teachs. It is important to have a good relationship to the students but this is a thing a teacher mustn't have. If a teacher has this ability the students will think it is great and they will love the teacher and it is easier for this teacher to work with the students and teach important issues. But a student goes to school to learn things and not to find a friend in their teachers. 

I think it is more important that the teacher has an excellent knowledge of the subject he teachs because especially in the college the teacher has made a master or a doctor of this subject so he has to have a very good knowledge and  with this knowledge he should teach his students. For exampled if he has studied biology he should be able to answer the most question the students could ask in this subject. He must not be able to talk with his students about their hobbys he should be able to answer their questions.
The teacher do not have to be a friend of the students he has to teach them! He has to be more like a parent who says what they have to do and what they aren't allowed to do. And a person who tries to explain his students every important part of a specific subject so every student could understand it. Even a student who is very bad in mathematics should understand what the mathematic teacher explains him. That is the work of the mathematics teacher because of this ability to explain things he became mathematics teacher.
It could be easier for the teacher if he has a good relationship to the students but it could as well be more complicated. When the teacher only has a good relationship to some students I think the others could hate him because they think he acts not fair. To be a teacher it is not necessary to have a good relationship to the students. Even a teacher every student hates could be a very good teacher.

Finally I disagree with this statement because it is more importatnt a teacher knows much abozt the subject he teaches than the relationship between a teacher and his students.