The statement, "A teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught," can be analyzed in many different ways. In this short essay, reasons supporting and discrediting this statement will be given and explained.
The main goal of receiving an education is for knowledge to be passed on. People who pass on this knowledge, i.e teachers, have to go to university to study methods of teaching and have to be competent enough in their subject so that they can explain it effectively to others. If a teacher does not have excellent knowledge of the subject they are teaching, it is difficult for them to pass on information effectively, especially if they regularly confuse their students. A good example of this is a math teacher. If the math teacher does not have excellent knowledge of the subject, it will be difficult for them to spot errors amongst students' lengthy calculations. Explaining the theory will also not be as effective if the teacher does not have such an excellent knowledge that they can answer any questions the students may have. If the teacher makes mistakes and they go unnoticed, the stundents in that class will start to learn false information, whcih would not happen were the teacher completley competent in their subject. Thus, it is important that the teacher has an excellent understaning of the subject. However, this statement can also be looked at in another way.
The statement questions whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than knowledge of the subject. While knowledge of the subject is important, the ability to relate to students is not to be forgotten. If a teacher is unable to connect to their students, passing on information will be a challenge. If a teacher cannot understand how their students learn most effectively and what level their understanding is at, it is less likely that the students will come out of class having fully understood the material. Additionally, if a teacher cannot relate well to students and has no empathy for the difficulty of the school curriculum, the students may begin to dislike the teachter and thus not put as much effort into the work given by that teacher, also leading to worse results. An example of this is when a teacher continues to give multiple assignments, even when students ask for an extension. If the teacher has no sympathy for students who do not understand the material and does not try to help them, this will also not favor better results. Therefore it is important that a teacher is able to relate well to students in order to pass on the information in the most effective way possible.
In conclusion, this statement can be looked at in multiple ways. Personally, I do not agree with this statement as I believe that a good teacher should be able to do both, as both are important in the passing on of information. Teachers study teaching so they can learn how to pass on information, and in my opinion, anyone who cannot do this and does not have a good understanding of the subject should not become a teacher.