Everyone has been to school once. It isn't surprising that some teachers made a better impression than others. But what is the reason for this divergence? What makes a good teacher? Is it the reacher's ability to relate well with students or is it the knowledge of the subject which he teaches. The following essay will discuss, which of the abilities of a teacher named above is more important.

First of all, it is important for a teacher to have a general and wide knowledge about his subject. Imagine being thaught history by a professor of languages. The teacher needs to be able to answer questions the students might have. In many cases, there are students, who have more interest in this specific subject than others. In those cases it is really important that the teacher is able to answer all there questions. Otherwise, they might lose their interest.

On the other hand, being able to relate well with students probably has a biger impact on the whole class. When, for example a history lession is about why carthage must be destroyed, some students defenetly are already interested in this and know a lot about the historical context, but there are always some, who find the lesson boring. To get these interested it isn't just enought to present the best facts. It lies in the teachers hands to motivate these students and show them how catching his subject can be. If the teacher lacks this ability, he will never be able to work whith the whole class, as there will always be some students, who aren't enjoying the theme being covered. It is important, that the teacher continues to motivate his students and doesn't just stop after the first week. It might be the most important time to make a good impression on the students, but it doesn't just stop there. 

In conclusion, teachers defenetly need to have both, knowledge of the subject and an ability to relate with students. But if the teacher is good in relating with his students he might be able to not only teach thos who are already interested but also those who always seem bored.