A teacher can make the difference for the students. Some teachers teach classes very strictly, they have their knowledge organised in advance and are not really able to change it at all, however there are other teachers who moreless improvise the whole lesson without any drawbacks for the students. This usually is more accepted and easier for students since they actually can relate to the teacher since the teacher has a few mistakes in the lessons and a teacher who is more accepted by his students usually has a better ability to relate to them than others, it's, alteast for me, a big plus.

To begin with, there are many teacher, especially older ones, who have a strict layout for their lessons and because they repeat said layout every year again, it mostly feels like a learned by heart verse. Questions of the students during the lessons are ignored or answered delayed, during a break in the lesson of course. There is no doubt that the knowledge the students could learn, is very high, however, only a few students can actually follow lessons like this. If every student can understand what they're taught, many would have a better grade.

However, there is also a counterpart to strictly organised teachers, the improvising ones. Those teachers have a general idea of what they have to teach the students and usually have some sort of powerpoint presentation with some pictures in it, but they don't bother to always say the same. They often repeat themselves, which is making it more easy for students, since that's how learning works. They are also usually good at answering questions during the classes and because of their mistakes during their lessons, they seem to be more human to students than other teachers.

Furtermore, a teacher who is accepted by his students, usually can relate to them easier, that's not because other teachers couldn't do that but because of the students who act differently. Some teachers are greeted more often than others, leading to simple smalltalk, maybe even a joke. If one dislikes a teacher, he may greet him but he certainly won't take his time to have a quick chat. 

In conclusion, every teacher is able to teach excellent knowledge, otherwise they wouldn't be a teacher, however being able to relate to students is not neccessary for a teacher, they can just teach their lessons and take exams on them, that's no problem at all, but a teacher who can actually relate to his students will adapt and overcome any problems, they will take their time for a chat with their students after the lesson for questions and most importantly, they seem to enjoy their job.
 