A teachers job is to teach the students all they have to know about a certain topic. It's important that the students understand everything and get it right so they can show what they learned on the exam. But what makes a good teacher? Does a good teacher know everything about the topic and knows how to answer every single question? Or is it more important that the students learn the necessary parts in a funny and interisting way? 
After school, school is not over. Especially at the secondary school, a lot of students go to university or a similar school. It's important to be prepared for the school you want to attend. This is only possible if you know everything you need to know about the subject you want to study afterwards. If you have to learn everything when you arrive at your new school, it will get way harder and more complicated for you. And for that your teacher has to teach you everything he knows. He has to be able to answer every single question. If you ask him a question, and he doesn't know the answer then how are you supposed to know it later in life? Also normally your teacher teaches you something new, he will test how much you learned in an exam. If your teacher couldn't answer all your questions in the lessons, it could get really hard to solve the test correctly. 
But now imagine. Your teacher knows everything and he teaches you every single bit of the knowledge he has in large and complicated texts. Or by standing in the front and talking for two hours straight. How much of the stuff you read or hear will really stay in your head? A teacher has to have a good way of teaching things. Doing exercises, group activities, discussions in classes. These things are all essential for a good lesson. Otherwise students will find the lesson boring and not listen anymore or even worse: sleep in class or even skip it. A teacher has to know how to teach the topic so that the students understand it. If he uses a lot of complicated words or goes to fast without making clear that students get what he is talking about, the topic could get really hard. It's important to make a lot of examples or use pictures to clarify what really matters and what details are.
Personally I think, it's more important that the teacher knows how to help the students, and not that he just 