"What is he talking about?", "I honestly have no idea." Every student surely had a conversation like that with its neighboor in school. Not every lesson taught by teachers is fully understand by all students. But is it now the fault of the teacher due to his unability to explain something clearly or due to his lack of knowledge or is it now up to the student to check again what he does not understand?
Not every teacher has the gift to be a very compassionate person and to be able to relate to his students to make them feel understood. At the same time there will always exist teachears that not have an excellent knowledge of the subject they teach.
 Imagine you have a teacher that has a broad knowlegde on one side but on the other side you have some students that really disklike the subject taught by this teacher. It's not an easy situation for both of them. The sudent won't like the subject even if the teacher knows a lot but maybe enjoys going to class because he really likes the teacher and because he knows, that the teacher is able to relate to his situation. If the student would feel completely misunderstood by the teacher, he surely would not be motivated to go to these classes. So from the point of view of such a student, a teachers ability to relate would be more important than his knowledge. But this is only one point of view, in a course there also will be students that really like the subject taught by the teacher mentioned above. They want to profit from the broad knowledge of a teacher. If now the teacher seems really nice but can not really make them profit from his lessons, the students williing to learn something are not happy with the lessons and won't be motivated to go to school either. For them, a teacher with a broad knowledge is essential and more important than his ability to relate to the students. 
So i think it always depends on the point of view from the students. Every student is unique and likes or dislikes other characteristics of a teacher and every student has his own favourite subject. 
