The importance of the relation between teachers and students

It is more important that teachers relate well with students than the perfect knowledge of the subject the are thaughting, but is this actually a good way of thinking? I mean, a teacher from the kindergarden could be standing in front at the class because she is really good at working with children and she knows what she could do to have fun with them than a professor who is having the master of maths and who knows quite everything about logarythms. Only because he is maybe a bit more a theoretical person means that he can not relate well with the students? No, that is not a good idea to projudge a person who has an excellent knowledge that he can not teach well. 
On the other said, as I already mentioned, what do the students have when the teacher does not have a good knowledge about his toppic? Yes, they have fun of corse but do we come to school to have fun all day long? Of corse, it is often more interesting when having class is fun but it is also important that we learn and that we can earn a good job. 
I am not quite agree with this statement because I think that it is very important to have a teacher who knows what he or she is talking about. I agree that it is more interesting and that the students maybe are more motivated if there is a good relation between the teacher and the students. But on the other side sometimes you do not like a teacher because of the fact that he is maybe kind of hard or that he gives a lot of homework but those teachers are those, who teachs you well and who wants that you learn something. 
And of corse it is important that the teacher knows how to relate with students but I mean every human should know how to relate with other people, but it is true that is kind of different with students than with adults. The students are a bit fussy, do not like to do their work and rather prefer to be at home or with friends watching a movie. So it is not controversal when the teacher knows how to motivate and how to give a good lesson but he has to have the knowledge, otherwise the students do not learn anything at all. Because if the teacher has a good relation with his students, they often really like to go to class even if it is not the favourite subject, for example I am quite bad in maths but I like my teacher and so it is not the unlikliest hour in the week, I like to go into maths classes. 
In my opinion as I said, it is very important to have the knowledge about his subject but the ability to relate well is also very helpful to teach the students well and to have a good relation with them. 