I totaly agree with this statement if it is for the primary, secondary school or our school. The students can better listen to the teacher if he is kind or funny so the lessons are more fun than if everyone wants to go home. The marks of the students would be better because the learned more in the lessons. The lesson is also easier for the teacher because everyone will be activ in the lesson and they are faster. The students wont fall asleep like it is when the teacher hold every lesson a presentation with a lot of difficult words. The climat in the classroom will be more relaxed and everyone is interested to learn something new. Also would be the class climate better between the stundents so there can be more friendships. All these things would change the marks of the students so the teacher is happier and the school would be more famous. 
If a teacher knows only the subject very well but have no idea how relate with the students in the three mentioned schools everyone would be very pissed and wouldn`t listen to the teacher. First it might be good because the students think they will learn a lot in the lessons but this feeling wouldn`t be for the whole year. More and more stundets will fall asleep in every lesson and they would miss a lot important things about the subject. At the end the marks aren`t that good than when the teacher can relate to the students. No student would like to go to his lesson because they no that he don`t care about us so we don`t care about him and his lesson. 
At an university I do not agree with this statement because everyone can decide if he or she is going to the presentation or not. The teachers only present theier subject so if someone want to learn something he has to listen. Also the classrooms aren`t the same than in a school. It isn`t a classroom where the students anwser to the questions of the teacher. The teacher anwser to the question of the students. Everything is the other way than in a normal primary-, secondary- or our school. 