In the following essay I'll try to compare the arguments for and against this statement. We will have look on a few arguments from both sides and inthe and in the end I'd like to share my own opinion.


Every student or every person that was a student once had or has that one teacher who just can't explain anything or just doesn't care about the studets. Both situation have a quite similar result: The students don't learn much and aren't motivated, that's very annoying and a waist of time and ressources. You need to know how to explain stuff. I think this is the one very important requirement for this job. If you aren't able to to manage that somehow then youre the wrong person to become teacher.

But it isn't just the ability to explain, you need much more. You need to understand the way a student thinks to acess to it and teach him him something. You need to know how a student learn the best way and you have to know how to tell things in an interesting way. If you manage that you will see that everybody is listening to you. And I think this is not that difficult becaus you know how you wanted your teachers to be in you school time.
So if you want to become a teacher you shoult know that you have to pay attention on those points to be succesful.

On the other side you can relate as well as you want with students but if you don't bring you knowledge, you can't teach anything to the students. Imagine you have a teacher that you like very much; He talks about interesting topics, he has very advanced skills in understanding students and children, he gives you good marks and so on. But if he doesn't know what he is actually talking about then you are in the end of your school career as far as before: nowhere.
And believe me such teachers really exist.

Now we know both sides. We know that both are important requirements and a teacher needs them both to do well. One is useless without the other.
So you have to decide on yourself what brings you more good results in learning stuff in school
My personal opinion is that I'd rather like a teacher that doesnt know everything but can handle with people than a genius a**hole



