One of the worst relationship is the relation between teachers and students. Most students don't like their teachers, even if they are one of the important person in their live. They don't just give you homework and let us do the nost horrible exames. They teach us the most important things in life, that we can even understand our own country or that we understand how to calculate or speak. But is the relation between students and teachers more important then the knowledge of the subject being taught. 
Of course it is always important to have a teacher with a lot of knowledge that they can teach their students. Especially in gymnasiums it is important, that teacher have an enourmous knowledge about their subjects, because gymnasium students are on a higher level and they have the ability to learn more easily than a lot of other students. And also if students do have questions about a subject, teachers have to know that, or they couln't even do exams, if they can't help their students. 
But all the knowledge doesn't help you, if students aren't interested in the subjects teachers teach. In this case it is important to have the ability to relate with the students. Teachers have to have the ability to make their  lessons enjoyable and interesting, so that students do have fun while learning. Frankly, if teacher interact with students, their having a better relation, that means that their having more fun to learn. And if you are having fun while learning you will learn even better. 
All in all, it is important to have an excellent knowledge, which helps the students that they understand everything. But if they can't relate together, students will have less fun and won't be interessted in the subjects being taught. And if they haven't got any interest, they will not like the subject and they won't have the happines to learn for it. So the teachers ability to relate with students is more important than the excellent knowledge of the teachers theirseld. But not not to forget is, that both is necessary. Because without knowledge you can't even make progress in you life. 