When it comes to teachers, we would think "the more they know, the more we learn". But is it really like this? The quote I will be working on today states the opposite: "A teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught" Can one agree with this, or rather not?

At first, we shall take a look at the different levels of knowledge present in one single classroom. There is the teacher, who in most cases has been studying the subject for a longer amount of time, so one could assume he`s the one who knows the most about it. But there are different levels of knowledge in between the group of pupils as well. There can be the hyperintelligent genius whose intelligence is adored by everyone and then maybe sitting right next to him can be the kid who is really struggling with school but somehow still manages to make it through the schoolyear. That`s why it is important to fit your teaching to the different levels. A teacher who can relate well with the students is often important in that particular case, because he has to take care of the pupil`s differnt levels of knowledge but still manage to make class kind of interesting for everyone. This surely won`t work if the teacher just stands in front of the class and talks like a book.

Secondly, it is just a fact that teachers know a whole lot more about the subject that is to be taught than their pupil, who may have heard about it for the very first time. Someone who knows a lot about a subject and understands it well often tends to think it was as easy for everyone to understand it as it is for them. Take a circus artist as an example. He has maybe practiced handstands for ten years of his life, from all the practice, his handstands are solid and he finds it easy to stand them for a long time. If a normal person was now to attempt a handstand, he would at first fall over and really struggle with it, even if the artist said it was really easy, which is just because the artist knows how to do it. Now back to the teacher: He knows so much about the subject, that he talks about it at ease. A good teacher has to be able to relate with students and get into the mind of the teenagers to properly know how to teach a rather difficult subject so they can understand it. Just knowing a whole lot about it but not knowing how to properly teach it to a class of newbies is not usefull at all.

Still, one shouldn`t rely on the ability to relate with the students too much. If the teacher himself does not know about the currently taught subject at all or just very little, it is going to be rather difficult to teach it to a group of pupils who know as much about it as he does. At least some basic knowledge is pretty important.

In conclusion, I would say it is important to find a good mix between relating well with the students but still knowing enough about the subject to be able to teach properly. Finding this balance will probably be a little difficult and it will also depend from the class, the teacher and the subject that is to be taught. But knowledge alone won`t do it.

