Every student knows those two types of teacher: There is the funny and caring one, whose classes are fun to go to, but honestly aren't very productive. And then there is the serious one, very competent in teaching us the subject, but sometimes the students ask themselves if he's even human because of his lack to understand their problems. The question is now what's more important: A teacher’s ability to relate well with students or excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?
First of all a teacher that relates well with students can more individually help them. For example if someone doesn't understand a topic the way the teacher first puts it, he can try to find a way suited to this specific students to explain in, because in order to be able to do that he has to be able to relate well to them and understand their problems.
But now if every students gets this extra bit each time they don't understand something, the class as a whole would advance extremely slowly in the subject, the better ones being somehow dragged down by this teachers behaviour. To individually help the slower students is the job of people helping those in need outside the schooltime and not the teachers one.
Opposed to that of all most students would probably prefer going to the classes of the 'funny one' leading him to become popular amongst them.
But school isn't just all about fun, maybe they are more willing to go to his classes and less to skip them, but in the end if you like someone because of his behaviour towards you that doesn't mean you respect him. And as a teacher respect is something he must earn through being competent in the subject, which is not 'being buddys with students'.
To summarize I think that in the end it helps the students more to acquire an excellent knowledge opposed to having a fun time in class. Because later on at the work place no one cares if you'd related well with your teacher or need individual support because you haven't got as much knowledge as others do. There you simply don't get picked for the job, so in the end the 'serious' teacher helped you more for the future than maybe in the present.
