I do not totally agree with the statement. On the one hand i think it is important for a student that the teacher relates well with him on the other hand when the teacher has an excellent knowledge it is more interesting to listen to him during the lesson.

For me there should be a mix. A teacher has to know a lot because i'm a critical person who asks a lot of questions which aren't that easy to answer whitout a quite good knowledge about the subject. Only when he is able to answer the questions in fact of saying i don't know i have to look it up it is interesting for me to concentrate while he is speaking. When he relates good with me and other students than the case is that I and the other students like to go to his lessons. I have to like the subject or like the way the teacher teachs to concentrate myself and work hard during the 45 minutes.
There is a perfect case in my school where there is a teacher with an excellent knowledge but actually he is quite an idiot as a person. That i don't like him is amost underestimated and only because he can't relate with me and many other students. Important is that altough as a person he's not the best some students like his lessons. I think his knowledge is the thing why they like to go to him.
An other case in an other subject there is a teacher who relates well with the whole class but even that his way to treat us is good i don't like the two lessons in the week at him. Every time i ask a question about something if it relates to the subject with have now or not he can't answer it."I don't know" is always the answer and sometimes i start thinking how he got here with that less knowledge. 

For the conclusion i struggle to choose one side. At one moment i think of all the interesting questions i want to ask and in the next moment i think of all the boring lessons with teachers in which the relation to the teacher is bad.
If i have to go to one side i take the teacher who relates good with me in the end it is more important than the knwoledge because in todays age there is internet and everyone is able to search something on wikipedia or on an other website.