The realtionship between teachers and students is a necessary one. Every child needs to go to school which is only possible when there are teachers at hand. However, there are different types of teachers. Some, one might come to find, are the distant teachers, who see their job as only that; teaching children about their subject whithout forming close ties with their students, while other teachers find it important to connect to their students in order for them to learn easier and better.
While everone will agree that the subjects in school are one of the most important points of being at school, one might be surprised at the diversity of ways to teach those. A teacher is required to have mastered their subject but more importantly, some believe, it is not the topics or subject taught plainly that is important, moreover it is  the way they are taught. At university that is what a soon-to-be teacher is being taught. A teacher, who can not relate with their students can not see their point of view and thus can not explain the topic in a way they will understand. All the knowledge would be absolutely useless if the students were unable to learn for their teacher's inability to relate well with them and explain the topic understandibly. For some students it is very important how they like their teachers. Their relationship might even be the key to the sudent's success. Was a teacher unable to relate with their students, they might as well speak a whole other language. Moreover a teacher, who does not understand their subject and does not have an excellent knowledge of it will fail at teaching completely, should their only skill be their relationship to a student.

I am a firm believer, that that is the point. A teacher needs to combine both skills. They need to have mastered their subject, as well as be able to relate with their students and see the subject from their point of view in order for the student to gain something from the subject or school in gerneral. The ability of a teacher to relate with their students is what makes the difference between a tutor, who simply teaches the subject at hand and a good teacher who takes different approaches, due to them having understood how the student functions and works best.
