I agree with this statement because you're not a smartass if you sit down and study for hours but all in all you're a social useless person with no sense of social life or abilities to live without parents. That's what Kanye West sings about in his album "Graduation" and I agree with him 10 out of 10. He's talking about the "way" you go when you're in school, like everyday the same. It starts with mornings where you are late and miss the bus, then you go in glass and sit down and reply what the teacher said and do the stuff the teacher gave you but you don't like the teacher because all he's doing is giving you what you're supposed to do and nothing alse. I mean in the end you got your degree but as I already mentioned, you're not "smart" because of that.
We got a student in glass who studies at least 10 hours for a single f*cking test to earn good marks but all in all he's stupid as f*ck because he got no social life, don't understand anything without studying it for hours and I guess he wont be able to live alone or something like that because he couldn't "study" that.
I think they should chance the system, because I don't need some subjects like French or something like that because after school I'll never use anymore and it's just a bunch of wasted time for me. But there are importend things like science or Mathematics or the main language grammar. Science means life, so we need Physics,Chemestry and Biology. It's neccassary to understand why we exist. We need our main language and the world language too, so all can communicate and nobody would write or talk like an idiot. I think Mathematics is a little bit important too but if you don't want to be an engineer, 3 of 4 years are wasted. And subjects like art aôr music are wasted time too, I really have no need of it and for people who like painting, they can do it in their freetime too if we wouldn't have to stay that long in school. Maybe they should make only a few main subjects everbody needs and they like in the fourth year, that you can choose what you want but from beginning like this. You could do after college/Kanti what you like because you learned how to do it well for four years. 
Education like this just says that you can learn good but know nothing, everybody think with this degree you're smaarter and better but what if I told you that you're not?