I tink a good teacher has to have a mix of both. 
If a teacher doesn't have a good knowledge of the subject he teaches, but is nice and isable to relate well with students, it won't help the students because they don't go to school to have a conversation with a nice teacher, but to learn something. 
On the other hand, if a teacher has excellent knowledge, but is really unfriendly towards the students, they most likely won't be able to profit from the excellent knowledge their teacher has.This is because if a teacher isn't able to relate well with his students they probably won't be as motivated to learn for that subject or even to listen to the teacher with much interest. 
In myopinion it's very important that the teacher does not loose his authority, because once that happened it will be difficult for him to teache his students something. There are two major ways how that could happen. If students for example have questions that the teacher can't answer, the students tend to think that he isn't very well informed and the teachers looses a bit of his authority. It's also important that if the teacher can relate well with his students, he doesn't get too collegial, because then he looses basically all of his authority; the students than look at him as a friend and not as an older person that teaches them something. 
To conclude, it it's really important that there is a good working climate, because only then the teacher and the students can profit from going to school.
In order to achieve this goal, the teacher must have a good knowledge of the subject he teaches, but at the same time also has to be able to have a good communication with his students and to not just look down on them. 
Maybe schools could have some "special days" were teachers and students do someting actively together, in order to help them connect, but at the same time they have to keep just a bit of a distance, so they don't become to collegial. 
In my opinion, the schools should make every teacher that they possibly want to hire, to hold a lesson in front of their future students. After that the students would have to write a feedback and the directors of the school would look at his specific knowledge. After looking at the feedback and the knowledge they could choose the teacher that got the best qualities in both of them.