I think that both is important but the subject shouldn't be the secondary part of a class.
Its always good when teacher are nice and have a good relationship with their students. When you have a teacher that is friendly, nice and honest you automatically enjoy the subject better because you like the mood in the class. It eventually helps aswell to concentrait better because you don't fear as much to do things wrong and get punished or because students might be quit during work time because they respect the teacher.
Good is aswell that when you have a teacher that you can relay on you have a person that you can ask things if you have problems for example with an other teacher.
On the otherhand it's not good if teacher and students get too friendly with each other. Because they may notice that he/she doesn't mind if they don't attend during class,or when studends don't make their homeworks. That means that studenda don't consentrait on the subject anymore because they know they can do anything during class and don't get "punished". 
I think that a teacher should focus most of the time on the subject but not with neglecting the needs of the students. They should creat an atmosphere in the class room that people like to come to class. I think aswell that teacher should try to help the students to understand the subject as good as possible and when they reconice that the class has a problem with anything they shouldn't ignore that and should try to help and maybe spent some time of their lesson to talk about that problem to show that they care. Aswell they need so set borders to make clear that as I said they cear about the students but not nesecerly are "friends".
I think  teachers shouldn't be friends. Of corse that doesn't mean that they should be mean or anything and of corse it is important to have good relations to your teacher but not in the way you have with your actual friends. You usually go to school to learn things and that should be the main focus of a teacher to teach their knowledge about that what they teach. The reason why I think why teacher shouldn't be friend because you repect them in a different way. And thats the reason why I don't agree with that statement.