I think it is more important that the students understand what they learn and then they can it again. For example last week we talked in our German lesson about the relationship between father and son. After discussing I've learnt that sometimes the nfather think that he's the boss but he's not better knowing as the son. But in my opinion I think it is also important that our teacher taught first the knowledge of the subject. If we dont understand in the subject for example the grammar then we could not use it in our daily life. I find it is also necessarly instead of doing a lot of grammar to go out and try to communicate with people. Then we are trying to use our knowledge and start to find out where my mistakes or troubles are. Both are important for a student. I think the relation betweeen the student is more important then the subject. Then if I do not like the teacher I will not concentrate during the lesson. I am hundred per cent sure. If the teacher in a good mood and has also a good relationship with the student the student will attend every week the class plus he or she will participate. If you do not like the teacher too much the lessons will be boring and sometimes you will not attend the lessons. In my opinion is the character and the way how the person treat you the most imporant things. If they treat me badly I will not feel happy and well. In our school some teachers are good related with me so I like to go their lessons. I also participate and I am feeling good by learning new things. But when I have lessons by my enemies I feel like that I am in a jail. Sometimes by the teachers who are very strict and who are annoying me, in their lessons I wrote good marks. In my opinion it is very important that the relation between the student and teacher is good. If it is good, the student will automatically profite from the lessons and he will get an intelligent student. I think where a good relationship is, there will feel the person confident and happy. When a person is confident and happy then he or she will search for his or her's interests. I n school when you are interested then you will understand the subject easy. But I think that some people also come up good without a good realationship at school. Every person is different in this world. For me is the relation between the people the most important think.