The text about Chevalier de Seingalt and the audio to it will be summed up in this essay.
First of all, the written information about Chevalier will be put briefly here.
Chevalier de Seingalt was a man who lived during the 18th century. He was a person whose life contained many adventures and other famous people. At the end of his life he began to write his memoir in which he tells all of his stories. However, many stories seem to be not very accurate or reliable. For example Chevalier wrote about how wealthy he was when he lived in Switzerland. Yet, it is also known that he needed to borrow money. A rich man would not need to borrow money if he had enough, though. Furthermore, he wrote about his escape out of the prison he was in. He wrote that he fled through the ceiling which  sounds like he is decorating his story, since writing about how hypothetical friends offered a bribe would not be interesting to read but probably more realistic.
 In the next paragraph, you will be informed about the connection between this text and the audio to it. 
In the audio one gets to hear arguments why Chevalier's story might be not invented. The speaker agrees that memoirs are not always completely accurate to the truth but also gives reasons why Chevalier could have been a rich man and borrowed money. Being rich does not mean to have an abundance of money all the time, one has to earn it and sometimes wait for the money to arrive. Perhaps the adventurous man was waiting for his money although he really needed it, so he borrowed some money. Next, the speaker gave a rational reason how it is possible that Chevalier wrote about his conversations with Voltaire and how they actually can be accurate. Every night after their conversation Chevalier wrote down their dialogue and kept them for a very long time. That is how he could write about them many years later and even mention them in his memoirs. Also referring to the prison escape the speaker claims that all the other prisoners would have many more friends who could offered them a bribe but did not. Moreover, it is known that after his escpae the ceiling had to be repaired. To sum up, the audio gives logical arguments why the critics might be too sceptical about Chevalier. Perhaps, Chevalier invented some little details to make it more interesting for the reader. However, this is not a confirmation that everything he wrote down is untrue. 
