The text and the presentation about the Chevalier de Seingalt see the different sides. While the text says that the Chevalier was lying in his memoirs to make his life more interesting, the presentation says that he is actually telling the truth and his memoirs are a reliable source for european history. There are three different cases from his memoirs that the text and the presenter are discussing. 
The first case is about the Chevalier living in Switzerland as a wealthy man who is gambling and partying a lot. But there are proofs that he had to borrow money. This is why the text says that he is actually lying about his money. The girl in the presentation though says that he only had to borrow money to be actually able to gamble as he would because he had to invest money and he would get this or even more money back after a while. That is why he had to borrow money in this time when he had no money left. That does not specifically mean that he was not rich. 
The second case is about his conversation with the famous Voltaire. In his memoirs he is mentioning some really exact phrases from this conversation. The critics say that there is no way that he would remember all these phrases after so many years. The speaker in the presenation says that he always took notes in the nights after his conversation and he kept them the long time. There are also friends who say that the Chevalier had notes when wrote his memoirs to know all the things from the past better again.
And the last case is about how he got out of a prison in Venice. The Chevalier describes his getaway through a roof in the cell but the text says that he had many important friend who could have got him out of the prison and that it is more likely that they helped him out of the prison with their importance. The presenation says that there were many other people in the jail with even better connections to more important people who would not be able to get out of the prison. And also there was an old man speaking about the Chevalier's cell's roof being repaired a few days after he got out of the prison. This hole in the roof could have been caused by the Chevalier to get away.
Concluding this, the text says why the Chevalier might be a liar and the presentation shows some good reasons why he might not be a liar and his memoirs are actually reliable and important for knowledge about history.