The Chevalier de Seingalt who lived from the year 1725 to 1798 wrote a long moir of his life and his expiriences. But later on it all came out as a lie of him because he always told lies. In the old days he was a controversial figure whicch means that a lot of people knew him but mostly because he told lies and his stories weren`t as right as he told. So most of the people said that he would disort or invent many events that happend in his life and because the critics of his storys had other proves for the storys that he told thze people. He probably did that to let his life be more exciting and glamorous fot the people. For example the Chevalier claims that he was really wealthy that means that he had a lot of money, when he lived in switzerland but other sources say that he asked people to borrow money from them and critocs think that somebody who has a lot of money don`t have to borrow money from other people. so that was one thing that doesn´t made sense in their eyes and another one was that the Chevalier told everybody that he had a converstation with the famous writer and author Voltair but critics say that the memoir was written earlier then the actual conversation with the famous writer Voltaire. So that doens´t made sense either. And critics even say it was impossible for them to meet and had a conversation with each other. And it`s also impossible to remeber the exact phrases that they sais when it`s that long time ago. Also the Chevalier told another lie which is that he escaped from the notorious prison in venice, italy. The Chevalier claimed that he used a piece of metal to make a hole in the ceilinhg and climbed through the roof and then escaped buit then the critics say that it`s more possibly that the Chevalier`s jailers were bribed to free him and they took them ouit of the jail and he din`t climbed out of the jail because the Chevalier also had a hand full of politically well connedted friends in venice who could have offered a bribe and helped him. So you see nothing from Chevaliers life is proved as true and he probably just did that because he wanted more attention and wanted to have his life in a better light.