The lecture is in response to the criticism of the Chevalier's memoir regarding its historical accuracy and responds to three points of critique levied in the text sample. It is said that the Chavalier, while borrowing money from a merchant, was never poor, as he just needed interim money while his assets were converted into money. Also the lecturer says that the accounts of the Chevalier's converstions with Voltaire are accurate, as he wrote down the conversation the very evening they were having it, and consulted his notes when writing his memoir. The escape from the Venetian prison being bribery is adressed by stating that other prisoners, having more influential friends in the merchant city, weren't able to set themselves free by bribery. It is also brought forth that a government document from the time shows that the ceiling of the Chevalier's cell had to be repaired following his escape.

Regarding the first point, the text shows it as an example of the Chevalier making up facts to make his life seem more interesting, while the lecture attempts to negate this point by showing the context, thereby revealing that the Chevalier just needed money to bridge the time gap before his assets would be converted into cash. The text also claims that the conversations with Voltaire the Chevalier states were written down years after they occurred, and are therefore not accurate. The lecture on the other hand tells the listener that the conversations were in fact written down on the very same day as they were had. The escape from a Venetian prison by breaking the ceiling is also disputed by the text, as it states that is was more likely bribery that got the Chevalier released. The lecture counters this point by giving the examples of other people in the same prison having more influential friends in Venice and not getting released due to bribery, thus making the point that bribery as a means of escape was unlikely. Furthermore, the lecture cites an old Venetian record, saying that the fact the ceiling of the Chevalier's cell had to be repaired shortly after his escape shows the validity of his story.