The presentation was about the controversial figure Chevalier de Seingalt, who wrote a memoir about his life and what he explored in these days. In the beginning the presenter said the most important thing about a memoir is that nobody can be completely right with what they say. It's possible that an author forgets some of the details from his adventures and sometimes it's the case that they add some information to make a story more interesting so that more people will read it. The memo/presentation speaks about the three main problems, that critics have with the memoir from Chevalier: his life in Switzerland, his meetings with the famous writer Voltaire and the escape from a prision in Venice, Italy. In his memoir, Chevalier says that when he was living in Switzerland he was wealthy and rich, but some people found out that he borrowed money from a Swiss marchant. Critics ask themselves why someone has to borrow money if they're rich, which means that maybe he lied about his wealth. The woman from the memo said, the he had wealth, because just because you borrow some money from a merchant doesn't mean that you are poor. If a merchant borrows you money you need to show them that you need this money and that you can handle it. So you actually you need some kind of wealth to accomplish this and then you get the money. The second part was the one with the conversations with the writer Voltaire. Critics complain that the memoir cannot include the exact words they said, because the memoir was written many years later after the conversations. But in the presentation it says that he wrote down everything from the meeting/conversation he rememberd later that day. These notes were captured many years so Chevalier could write about what they've said in the conversations in his memoir because he had his notes to help him. The third and last part was the one with the prison escape in Italy. Chevalier said that he escaped from the prison by using a piece of metal to make a hole in to the ceiling, so he can climb through the roof. But critics think that he added that in his memoir because it's tenseful for his readers and that it's not true. The woman from the memo also said, that the room in the prison must have been prepared so he can escape from it. 