The Chevalier is an important historical figure and a relieable source for about European society in the eighteenth century, but he's also very controversal. In the following I will compare two different points of view to de Seingalt and show the differents.

The given text says that the Chevalier isn't as relieable as many may think, even though he did exist and most of the things he wrote in his memoirs actually happened but he may distorted some events and made some details up so he looks more glorious. There are three examples give where he may came up with things that didn't happen exactly like he wrote it in his  memoirs: First of all he claims that he was very rich and wealthy while living in switzerland and spent a great deal of money there on parties and gambling but history says, that he also borrowed huge sums of money from a switch merchant, but why should he need to borror money if he was so wealthy? The women in the recording says, that in switzerland it may took a while for his money to get to him and he had to sell first to get money, so the loan was more kind of a gap filler and says nothing about his actually wealth.

Another point holding much controversity aree his recorded conversations with Voltaire which he wrote down many years after the actual conversations, even though no one doubts that they met and had held some conversations, it is very questionable if he was able to remember exact lines many years after them. Here the record is relating to the notes the Chevalier took to write his memoirs, it claims that he wrote many things down while the conversations so he could refer to them later.

The last thing the text comes up with is the Chevaliers escape from a notorious prison in Venice, instead of making a hole in the ceiling and escape from the prison he might also been bribed for free from his jailers because he had a number of politically well-connected friends in Venice. The record encounters this with the statement that other prisoners had even more well-connected friends there and weren't bribed to free by some jailers and also they had to repair the ceiling of the cell after his escape.

So after all the record really has some statements to make against the text but the question is how relieable their sources are because in history you never know the exactly truth and it's arguable who convinving statements like "other prisoners weren't bribed, either" are.