In the following I am going to summarize the Presentation which was presented on English. And compare it to the text above.
In the presentation they doubt any critics and gave somehow evidence to make sure everything was right at the point in the memoirs. 
They also said its a fact that not everything in particular can be a hundred percent true but the accuracy of those memoirs seems to be pretty high. 
When the text tells about his visit in switzerland he borrowed money from a swiss merchant and they made it a big evidence for the non-wealth of the Chevalier. While basically it has nothing to do with eachother. It was said in the text he spent a lot of money on parties and gambling so somehow he had to reach for his money and while his wins and loans were on their way to him he had to borrow money to still be able to pay for anything. 
The other doubt was that Chevalier and the famous writer Voltaire really met and that he was still able to remember any specific sentences which were spoken on the evening they met, years later. So in the presentation it was said that he made notes in the same evening Chevalier talked to Voltaire and somehow years later he just wrote it down from the notes he made back then. Basically both theories could be possible but in fact that Chevalier wanted to write down his memoirs it is pretty easy to believe that he took notes from the same evening and just wrote them down years later because he may have forgotten them. 
The last thing to mention was the breakout from the prison of venice: the text says its basically impossible to break out just by destroying the ceiling and getting off over the roof and that the more believeble theory is that he just bribed his way out the prison of venice. But the presentation told us that there were many more people who were forced to sit in prison for some reason and not less had more mighty relations then the Chevalier had and not even they were able to bribe the way out of the prison so basically bribery seems surely impossible. Another hint that he escaped throughout the ceiling is that someone who used to work at the prison said that after his breakout they had to repair the roof and what other reason should they have to repair it? This can't be coincidence.