The arguments mentioned in the listening part were all indicating that the Chevaliers' memoires are reliable historical sources despite the many criticism on this topic.
The person talking was justifying her affirmations by many different arguments.
First of all, many critics have always wondererd if the Chevalier was as rich as he claimed to be. They had qualms about the accuracy of his reported life in Switzerland and assumed that he wasn't very wealthy. They justified this with the evidence of him borrowing a lot of money during his time in Switzerland. In the spoken text it is said that he just had to borrow money in the times he was waiting for his money to arrive because a huge part of his wealth contained of buildings and similar things. Therefore he first had to sell them in order to get his money. While waiting for it he had to borrow some.
In the text it is also mentioned that his conversations with the famous writer Voltaire were inaccurately captured. Those doubts rose when critics found out that the actual conversations were held years before he wrote them down. He could not have remembered them in such detailed ways. The reason given for that in the spoken text is that he had made notes every evening after every single conversation he held with Voltaire. Thus he just needed to stick to the notes he already had when writing his memoire. 
Another doubt about the actual life of the Chevalier is about his escape from a prison in Italy. He made it seem heroic and claimed to have escaped through a self carved hole in the ceiling. Critics are sure that he wrote this in order to give the reader some enjoyable content rather than accurately reporting his life. They think that he escaped by his connections and acquaintances in Venice offering him a bribe.
There are some facts that indicate that the Chevaliers' escape was as spectacular as he made it out to be.
There had been even more famous people locked up in this prison, people with even better connections, yet they didn't bribe the jailers to free them. Additionally, prison reports say that there have been reparations on the ceiling shortly after the Chevaliers 'visit'
But there had already bee