While the text and the audio both delt with the memoir of the same person, Chevalier de Seingalt, they state different opinions concerning its credibility as a historical source.

In the text three particular events were mentioned, which have been doubted by critics a lot, the first of which is the wealth of the Chevalier. According to the text there is evidence that the Chevalier had borrowed large amounts of money from a Swiss Merchant which lead the author of the text to the conclusion that the Chevalier wasn't really as rich as he stated to be. However in the audio it is said that the kind of money the Chevalier had forced him to sell something first and wait for his money to arrive for a few days, resulting in him having to borrow money for these periods of time, which does not make him a poor person at all. 

Secondly, it has often been doubted that the conversations between himself and Voltaire which the Chevalier recites in his memoir are accurate, because they took place many years before the writing of the memoir. In the audio it has been said that people who knew the Chevalier have confirmed that he journaled quite regularly and wrote down the conversations with Voltaire as far as he remembered them each evening on the day they had happened and there is even evidence that he kept them for a long time, meaning the conversations he described in his memoir might actually be pretty close to what really had been said. 

Furthermore, his escape from a venitian prison has been doubted. In his memoir the Chevalier states he used a piece of metal to make hole in the ceiling and escape through that. Critics claim that he had very influential friends who are more likely to have enabled him to escape, however in the audio it was said that other prisoners in the very same prison had much more powerful friends and did not manage to escape anyway. Additionally, there are documents of the venetian government saying that the ceiling of the Chevaliers room had to be repaired after his escape. Therefore the Chevalier's description of the event might be true to what happened.