There are different ways to think about this theme. On one site people say it is very good for childrens to look TV, because there are important facts and ideas about the life, which childrens can learn from shows or films on the TV. Most parents have to go to work, so they are not at home all the time. Why shouldn´t it be a good way to have some "education" when the parents aren´t at home? 
Another opinion is, that it is really unhelpfull for young children to look TV. There are a few arguments which pointed that out. At first parenst have the fear, that their children forgot the world next to the TV. They think it is possible, that their childs stop meeting friends outside or having fun with conservative toys, like action figures or something similar. Parents also say, that there isn´t only good stuff shown in the television. The problem is that there are many shows, which are not good for young children. Most films are not made for children, so the plot is a way too hard to understand or it is very cruel. The result out of that would be, that the childrens get fear or even panic of daily things, because they recognice films where dangerous things happend in the situation in which they are now too. Another problem of the TV is that the people watching do not move in this time, so when the childrens start early with just sitting around and do not use their body, they will never understand, why it is important to move and do sports. The result of no sports at the start of the life is, that the childs get heavyweight pretty early. That means that they do not know another stadium of their body and will never reach to a healthy way of life.
Both of the arumentations make sense to me, on one hand there are many important things to learn especially on channels especially for childrens. On the other hand it´s reasonable, why childs shouldn´t watch television anyway. 
So my result or idea is to have something in between these two opinions. Maybe it´s good to block channels which show plot for adults for childs. So the childrens can look TV and the parents do not have to have fear of showing them bad stuff. The problem with social contact with other childrens and the body movement could be solved with a build in timer in the TV. The childrens have a time per day to watch TV, maybe 1 hour. So they have to do other things than watching TV and just sitting around.
For me that would be a grat opportunity to use the good offer for children on the television, but also do not overuse it. 

:):):):):):):):);:):):):):);););):O):):):):):):)