Every student know the feeling: Sitting in Math or German class and being so bored, that sleeping looks like the best thing to do, better than listening to the teacher. But what happens if the teacher makes his classes more interesting by relating well with students? Is this ability to communicate with students more important than an excellent knowledge about the subject being taught?
First of all a student would listen much better as well as he can remind better what was taught in class, when the teacher can relate well with their students. This makes it easier for the students to study, what could cause better marks. 
But on the other hand, what does it help students if the teacher can't teach anything? There would be no reason to sit in class, even when the students like the teacher and the teacher tells interesting stories, but it is important, that teachers don't just teach the stuff they need to teach, but also more about the background and interesting information. If a teacher can't answer questions, it doesn't make sense at all, students could just study all they need by themself.
An adding point to this is that students need to listen to the teacher anyway, if they want to have good grades, otherwise they need to learn a lot more. 
Nethertheless it is obvoius that a class with a teacher who has the ability to communicate well with their students, a teacher who understand his students is more likely to have a less boring class than a teacher who has a huge knowledge, but his class is boring because of the fact that he can't realte with his students. This makes school a lot more fun for the students and they gain more motivation for further classes and studying, if the teacher has an interesting class. 
To put it in a nutshell it is important, that a teacher know more about the subject he teach, than just the stuff he need to teach, but at the same point it is important that the teacher can communicate with his students and have the ability to feel with them and understand their situation as well. So a good teacher would be someone, who has both characteristics, because then the students would learn the best and have the biggest success, if they want to.