In the following text I will discuss the statement "A teacher´s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."

In some ways, I agree with the statement. If the students do not get along with a teacher, they can not show their whole ability of the subject. The students do not want to answer the teacher, because they are afraid of him or something like that.They can not concentrate on the  subject. Another reason is that a teacher can not explain very well. The students do not learn something because they do not understand him. If the teacher would have related better with the students the students would have been able to follow the lesson. Sometimes a good relationship with a teacher helps to make the students interested in the subject. If a teacher can design a lesson very well, the students are more interested than by a teacher, who just sits in front of the class and talks the whole lesson without including the students. 

But there are also some reasons why the knowledge of a subject is more important than the ability to relate well with students. One reason is that a teacher who has a good relationship with the students will often be to understanding and nicely. The point,that the teachers care about the students is not always a good thing. They sometimes set the focus on the relationship with the students and do not teach as intensive as they should. Another point that the knowledge of the subject being taught is more important than a good relationship between teacher and students is, that a teacher with a bright knowledge about the subject that they taught can make the lessons more interesting. Students who are interested in the subject being taught are "hanging on the lips" from the teacher if he or she tells much about the theme. The most important point for me is that  the students should be prepared for their graduation. If a teacher knows much about a subject it helps the students to pass the exams at the end of the school year. They will know many interesting things and can include this things at their exams. As well the students will learn more. 

All in one I think that both aspects are important for a good teaching. A good relationship to a teacher helps the students as much as a teacher who knows much about his or her subject. One of this two aspects is not enough to make the lessons interesting and successfully. 