Well, that`s a really hard question if the teacher`s ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. 
I think both of the arguments are important because if the teacher and the students aren`t cooperative with each other, there would be a lot of trouble and if teacher and student would`t habe a good relationship the student wouldn`t give the teacher enogh respect or attention. So I thin a mix of both of the arguments would be perfect. If the students say something and it`s right, the teacher can relate really well with the student and can continue with his lesson. But the other statement is important if the student says something wrong so the teacher can use his excellent knowledge to correct the student and teacher him the right way by his knowledge of the subject. It`s really important that the teachers use both of the statement because what would bring a teacher who never relate to statements of the students. It would literally bring nothing and the students would get bored really quickly if the teacher just stands in front of the class and talks only about his excellent knowledge. It`s way better to cooperate with the students and so it makes the lesson for both, teacher and students more interesting and the students can learn more as. It´s really important for the teacher and the students to have a good relationship to each other because the teacher want that his students learn much from his lessons and listen to him and have respect for him and the students want good grade, a little bit respect aswell and they want to be educated enough to go to uni and have a good degree in the end. So some of the things can`t be archieved if the realtionship between teacher and student is bad or the teacher is boring and never cooperates with his students. But if the teacher relates and cooperates with the students and also uses his knowlegde about the subject it`s a win-win-Situation for the teacher and the students. Because the students can learn way more and have more fun by learning and the teacher gets enough respect and has students who are willing to work and have fun by learing thing,I mean who wouldn`t like that as a teacher?