Is it more important to have a teacher who relates well with class or a teacher who just teaches without taking care of the class and the relation to the students? In this essay i would like to comment on this question.

 A  healthy relation between teachers and students can only exist when the teacher takes care of the students and knows how to build a positiv realtion to them. Because of this healthy relation to them the students will trust the teacher and maybe talk about problems. Not just talking about their personal problems also they would maybe talk about the probloems in subjects of something they didn't get but couldn't talk about it because they're afraid of the teacher because of the missing relation to him. Afterwards the teacher gets the trust of the students they could be working together honestly. A student has to like his teacher for being good at his subject and for feeling comfortable. A teacher who just teaches couldn't be successful in his job because he doesn't takes care of the students and maybe their level of knowledge. If he doesn't takes care and talks to his students he wouldn't get the problems of them like somethiong they didin't get in his subject but just keep trying to go on because of the missing relation to the teacher. Feeling comfortable in class is something important fpor students for being good in the subjects and being able to talk and show the teacher about the knowledge. But some students are afraid or bored in lessons because of the teacher. A teacher has to be funny and respectful but also has to teach in a way that everyone gets it also if he has to explain it three more times than usual. Because of that the class will feel comfortbale and gets better in subjects they weren't good before. The students also have to study and try on their own but the teacher plays also a important role for the students. Sometimes they just don't like the teacher and sometimes they can't build a relation to their teachers and therefore don't trust them and this facts shows that the way a teacher takes care of students is a consequence for a healthy way of studying or getting bad grades because of being afraid of say something wrong or feeling uncomfortable in class.

In my opinion it is important to have a teacher who is able to explain things clearly but also who is able to take care of the students and bulit a realtion to them. The students will get successful when they have a teacher who is able to work with them together.

  