Being an understanding person seems to be taken for granted in our society although it can affect many people's behaviour and attitude. But does it also matter to students whether their teacher is compassionate or not? And if it does matter does this make one a better teacher than someone who has an excellent knowledge?

At first, one can say that a teacher is meant to teach their students knowledge of a certain subject. It is an advantage if a teacher has  an extraordinary knowledge of a subject. Possessing knowledge does not necessarily mean a teacher has to be compassionate. One can be a good teacher just by presentating a topic well that every student would claim they have gained knowledge. Those teachers can be strict or bitter yet their students would learn what they are supposed to learn. 
However, it rarely happens that a teacher who cannot relate to their students knows how to present a subject interestingly. They often expect their students to understand everything they said and cannot understand why some students struggle with the subject.
Furthermore, being a teacher is tagged to a kind of responsibilty one is not always aware of at the first moment. Being a teacher could also mean to be a role model or someone who affects their students. 
If this is true teacher could be good at teaching facts but are still not good teachers. Since school is not only a building of education. It actually should teach students how to solve problems in life. One would probably never need to know the functions of cell aspiration in adulthood but the process of understanding it can be essential. It is not the answer that is important but the way how stundets got to an answer.
That would mean that being a teacher who can relate well with students is quite important. Because understanding and relating people leads to that one does not judge people naively nor that they do not care about people.
A teacher should care about their students. They should want to pursue their students to flourish as good human beings and of course gaining knowledge.
Still, it does not make someone a good teacher if one is compassionate but not able to teach. It would rather make someone an ordinary psychologist. 
Therefore, a mixture of both abilities would make someone a good teacher.

All in a nutshell, one can say that a good teacher with an extraordinary knowledge is envyable but it would not matter if that teacher could not teach it. Teaching is another quality that is important as a teacher and that is linked to being able to relate with their students. 