The relationship between teachers and students has always been an often discussed and controverse topic. Many students complain about teachers and the way they act towards and treat the students. 
But is a teacher's ability to relate well with students really more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?

A very simple argument against this statement could be the thesis that if a teacher does not know his subject perfectly it is very hard for him to teach and for the students to understand it, no matter how well he relates to them. Furthermore, the students might not take their teacher seriously whenever they notice his knowledge is not as good as it should be. They might not listen to him or her anymore and as a result not learn and study as much and as well as they are supposed to. This could have severe consequences for students who have to take tests like the ACT or SAT in the United States of America. These tests based on their knowledge determine their future and not the relationship with their teacher.
But is it really that simple? 

On the other hand, one could argue that when a teacher owns an excellent knowledge of his subject but does not get along well with their students, his or her students develop a lack of motivation. They might not respect their teacher or even fear him or her, and this could also cause a discrease in motivation. The students cannot have a good relationship with their studying and learning when this is not a both sided case. Even worse, it is quick to happen that students develop a strong dislike towards or possibly even hate the subject. How can you possibly learn from someone that you do not respect or are even scared of? If teachers make a certain subject a bad experience for them, the students are very likely to to take it on a personal level. So if a teacher relates well to his or her students, they are consequenly more motivated in class. This causes in increase  in studying and better grades.

I also made the experience that it is more important for a teacher and his or her students to relate well with them. The teachers who made their class a fun and interesting experience, also made me more interested in the subject. It does not matter whether the teacher owns an excellent knowledge of this subject because in the very end it is the student that has to study and tries to learn something. Teachers are so important for students and the way they learn and that is why we need to improve their understanding towards students. 