Whether or not teachers are able to give their pupils a fair grasp of on certain subject depends on many factors. Two of those factors are how well teachers can relate to their students and their problems and how much knowledge a teacher has about the suibject he is teaching.

First of all having the ability as a teacher to actually relate to a student and his/her problems is quite important, as this is a crucial part in being able to understand a students mind, in order to pack the knowledge the teachers want to transmit to their students in an efffective way. Furthermore school is not just about teaching and learning but also about developing a young student's mind to the mind of an adult person. This is only possible if the student's mind is free from any substantial trouble that can most ceratinly arise during adolescense. This very goal can only be achieved if there are authorities in place, like teachers, that a student can trust and that understand the student's porblem and actively try to resolve said problem. 

As you can see personal developement is fairly important during adolescense, yet having teachers that can understand a student's mind does not mean that those teachers can give their students the knowledge they need in their future lives in order to achieve their goals, their dreams, and hopess. That is why it is important to have teachers that actually understand the knowledge being taught in their subjects, in order to break this knowledge down and feed it to their students in a way they will understand it. Being able to just relate to a student in this case often just does not do the job. In fact it is also important for younger people to learn that there just are not only nice people in this world that are forgiving and mercyfull but also people that want you to get something done and that will scold you if you do not.

That is why I think it is important that there is a balance between those two types of teachers, or even better a type of bland between those to. An equilibrium, so to speak between those two opposing forces.   

  