"Teachers are your future" - At the moment they don't have a good status in Germany. With being payed too less and don't being respected they have a hard time at school. But maybe they don't have a good relation with their students. Could this be the solution of the question? The following text will tell you more.

There are many aspects which do not agree with the thesis. The school is a place to learn and students should prepare for their life in the future. So when the teachers don't have enough knowledge of the topic they're teaching they can not teach their students enough and they won't get to the college. And to say that the students can teach it by themself is wrong because that's why teachers are paid and why we have teachers. Another argument against the thesis is the fact that students have to find a job in the future and when they don't learn enough they won't pass the final exams and won't get a job with which they can survive. And if the teachers know less the students will learn less and know less so in a few years the people won't be knowing anything.
 
But there are a lot of arguments which prove the thesis. First of all the students spend a long time with their teachers. They see them for about ten years and maybe more than the own parents. And when the teachers knows somehting about their students they can prepare the class to learn exactly those points which are the worst ones.
Students would also feel more comfortable in school when they know that the teachers know them and understand them. They maybe would learn more and want to get better to prove the teachers that they can do it. The communication between the teachers and the parents is also very important. And if the students have problems with their parents they can go to the teachers and talk to them. And sometimes it is easier to talk to a teacher than talking to your parents. 
So when I look at all of these points I would definitely agree to the thesis. At least we are all human and  when the teachers act more likely and more like they do in their daily life they would have a better status in school - and definitely would be treaten with more respect.