Teachers

There is no way arround it - Everybody who wants to be educated has to visit a school and whithin has to get in contact with teachers. But what is the best way to teach students? Is the teacher's ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught?
Whithout knowledge nobody can teach. Espaccialy when the students have questions the teacher should be able to responds them. Moreover it is really demotivating to have a teacher who hasen't an excellent knowledge of the subject being taught. Marie Musterfrau, a student from the Muster High School in Mustertown, for example is a victim of such a techer without a great knowledge about his subject. In his chemestry classes she gets homework about themes that aren't excisting ore not in the way, the teacher thought about. "That is so frustrating!", Marie Musterfrau argues, "The teacher isn't able to respond my questions in detail! He is a good example that it is possible to become a teacher, even if you don't have the full knowledge about your subject. It is so demotivating seeing him reading some Wikipedia-articles in lessons to answer our questions! That shows, how unneccesary the stuff beeing taught for my future life is. We need teachers with an excellent knowledge of their subjects!"
On the other hand a teacher who is able to relate students well can be really motivating! If the students have fun duing lessons they are more motivated to work hard for school and to learn something. By doing this, they become more educaded even if the teacher wasn't that smart in his subject.
A teacher from Muster High School recomands: "For me it is the greatest thing when my students become smarter than me. Relate well with the Youth is the best way to get them motivated vor school and life. Nowadays we have the internet to get our knowledge, but the motivations comes with the teacher."
In my opinion it depends a lot on the kind of school the teacher works. Why should a math teacher in an elementary school should have an exellent knowledge about all kinds of math if he only should teach the basics? In this case it is more important to get the students motivated espaccially for the higher schools. Nowadays we have the acces to every aviable knowldedge in the world, so why shouldn't the teachers just use the ingternet to explain something?
But in High School a great kind of knowledge from side of the teacher is really important to help the students to stay motivated. 