Today, education is the most important thing in our young life. It is important, that we learn a lot of things, like how to interpretate a poem or how to write. But there is also a big question: Is a teacher´s ability to relate well with students more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught?
I think, a good relationship to students is more important. Why?
All of them, who will not agree to my opinion, all of you will argue with the sentence: You can not learn something about a subject, if your teacher has no idea what he is talking about. That is right - in general. Every teacher must have a good knowledge about his subject. But it does not have to be excellent. And without the ability to relate well with students, a lesson can not work.
Today, all of us are talking about making school more individual. We do not want the same situation like in the 20s of the last century, where students were so disciplinated as only possible. Today we are more relaxed at school. that is good.
Teacher who can work well with the students have normally no problems with a normal class. If the students like the teacher, it is very easy to give lessons there, because all of the students are also more relaxed. The can learn more in a lesson of a teacher with good relations, as in a lesson with a teacher who has no social competence.
I know both situations. After on year, where I had school on a Tall Ship, the two-masted sailing ship Roald Amundsen, sailing across the atlantic ocean, I had teachers who were very relaxed, my english teacher gaves us also geographic lessons, but he never studied geogrpahic. I learned a lot with him. My biologic teacher thaught me also german, but he had read only some books about it before. He studied psychologics, not german or biologics. Both of them taught me so much, they thaught me much better as some teachers at school at home, where I had a very bad teacher in politics. After a few weeks in our class, she had lost any authority for us, we did not respect her, we could not respect her. She had the knowledge of the subject, but she had not the ability to relate well with us.

These are my reasons, why I support the meaning, that a teacher´s ability is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being thaught.