The topic wheater teachers abilities and qualifications are more important than to relate and get along well with their students is discussed in society very often. 

On the on hand you can say that the teachers knowledge is the most important fact about teaching a subject. Without any clear structures and background information it´s almost impossible to explain a topic to a student. It´s necessary to start with a new theme from the very beginning because as a teacher you have to assume that the students don´t have any knowledge at all about the new topic and are in need of as many explainations as the can get. So obviously this point is linked to the contrary side. As a teacher you need to have patience and be capable of putting yourself into the students shoes. That means you have to ask yourself if somebody didn´t understand your explainations or a task you want them to solve, "what is the problem here and what can I do about it?" In order to do that you need to be able to relate well with your students.
In favor of the knowledge side you can say that teachers aren´t supposed to be friends with their students. They get paid and do teaching because it´s their job not their hobby or a freetime activity. On the contrary side a friendly atmosphere could help troubled and shy students to come forward and have the courage to say something. This could help a lot because the oral part during the lessons is the most important part of your grade. Moreover the lessons can be very boring if the teacher talks all the time and the students just sit there listening and waiting for the lesson to end. That leads to the fact that students stop being interesetd in those subjects or don´t understand the topics anymore and get bad grades. 

In conclusion you can say that both sides are important to create a good teacher. Indeed getting along with your students is the most important part of a balanced work life and a lot more fun for the students who get more motivated by the teachers attitude. On the other side you have to go to school for a reason and that´s clearly not having fun with the teacher and jokeing around. So the teachers should find a good balance between teaching and making their lessons fun.