"A teachers ability to relate well with stundets is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught."

I dont agree with that statement because a teacher should know what hes teaching. Of course its also important that he can handle the students expercially young kids can be annoying and ignorant so the teacher need to stay calm. But if he dont know what hes teaching the stundents hes not able to teach them the right and so hes not a good teacher. If he need to check some special answers or hes not sure about something its no problem but if he dont know the main things about his subject its not good for the class. Its harder to teach young students, because they dont want to learn. Kids are not able to think well about the feelings of a teacher so if they dont want to learn or do something they will not do it. Especially in this time its hard to teach young kids, because they have less respect and the teacher can do less. Some years ago you got hit with a ruler if you dont do youre work (e.g. homework) and that worked out: the students learned respect. Then it got forbitten and still the teacher was able to let the student sit after schooltime still in class and had to make some extra work. But now the teacher is not able to even do that without the parents accept it because it would steal the students freedom. So the young students can do a lot more without something is happening to them than before and they are kids they will search the border to it. So as a teacher of young kids its very iportant to be able to handle kids and still stay calm if they do something bad. But as a teacher for older students wich wont make as much bad things as the kids its better to have excellent knowledge about the subject because the most students already know some respect and they know that the grades they get are going to be very important in the future life. Of course there are alwayas some students wich wont want to learn and dont care about  there future and so about there grades. 

So all in all the teacher should need to relate well with students but if the teacher dont have knoweledge about his subject hes not able to teach the students the right thing and so hes not able be a good teacher. Also it relates to the age of the children.