In the following essay I shall elaborate on the statement thta a techer's ability to relate with his students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taugh in this lessons.
One argument against this statement is that the topics and the things the students have to learn during the schoolyeaar to be comperable with other students is more important than the atmosphere in class. In my opinion, this is the most important fact because this is the task of the school and its teachers and education: to help them achieve a basic knowledge which has the same level in the same region or country. However, on the other side it is also (less) important on how the atmosphere is in the classroom and that the teacher and student have a "good" relationship to each other, especially that the teacher has a good abbility to get along and interact with his students. By good I mean not that the teacher is sympathic for the students but moreover, that the students can understand him and that the students feel comfortable to e.g. ask questions if they don't understand a certain topic. Also, in my opinion it has to be an ability of the teacher to be able to work with children since I think that somebody who doesn't like children or doesn't get any respect of them has chosen the wrong job of becoming a teacher. Regarding to my first argument that to learn a minimum amount of ccontent is more important in school than the realtionship to the teacher I guess it became clear that of course thee techer has to give his students his knowledge and the most possible amount of it, the way of how he gives them his knowledge is more important and the first argument is wrong since it doesn't help the students if the get a lot of input of the teacher, but can't understand him because they can't or don't want to understand him since they don't take him serious or just can't understand him because the e.g. speaks in a very difficult lamguage or uses a lot of words they don't understand.
On the other side the realtion between a student and a teacher always has to be professional and not too "chill" since the sschool is still a place to learn and not to play or make jokes, but to have fun and be in a nice surrounding.
In my opinion, the ability of a teacher to relate to his students and make them understand his topics, is way more important than the (amount) of knowledge he gives his students. Today I think, beeing is teacher is more than being boring or giving uninteresting content, because the teacher also hass the task to help his students with peronal problems and preparing them for their life and making them a human, well ajusted to the society. A teacher also has to interact with the parents of his students therefore he has to understand him and also his job doesn't end when he leaaves the school. Also he has to "spread" his knowledge in an interesting way to make the students keep going and beeing interested in learning more because in my opinion this is his task to motivate them e.g. for their work later in their life since to put in nutshell a school should be a place where learning and interating whith other people are fun and not boring and annoying which could make the students dropping school or leaving early because education is the most important aspect for your future.