In general the question of whether a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than execellent knowledge of the subject becomes more important for the schools.

There are many arguments why teacher's should have more knowledge about how to have a good relation to the students than there general knowledge of the subject. On the one hand students are more effective in class when they have a teacher who know how the students think and who tries to make the lessons as interesting as possible. That would be also an advantage for the teacher because when he make some lessons so exciting that the students have a high meaning of him, they are often in many ways more attracted by the following lessons and so they won't be boring. There are also a few other reasons why a teacher should be in a good relation with the students. When you think for example on positions in school where you need a teacher everybody can talk to (f.e. trusted teacher who you can talk to when you have problems) it is much more effective to have a teacher who can relate with young students than to have a teacher who just studied and don't really know how to communicate.
On the other hand to have a good relation to students is quiet a good think, but when a teacher don't know what his subject is about the school system won't work. A teacher who comes from the university also had to join some seminars about relation to students and so you can say that they are well prepared for their job. Often the teachers aren't the problem either but the students can't respect authoritys. In this cases teachers are only the poor people who tries to make the best out of the students but in reality it often don't work. 

I do agree with the statement, because a teacher who only shares his informations with the students isn't so effective than a teacher who know how to make the lessons interesting. In general a a part of both makes a good teacher because when he can relate with young  students and also knows a lot of things about his subject the lessons become more interesting for the students and it makes for fun to teach for the teachers. 