There are different types of teachers, for example the ones who can relate well with the students and those, who have an excellent knowledge about their subject. But is one of those skills more important than the other one? Should teachers rather be able to relate well with students or should they have a good knowledge about their subjeect? 
In general i disagree with the statement, because i think, that a teacher should be able to relate and communicate with students, but he should also have the knowledge that he needs for his subject. I don't think that one of those points is more important for a teacher than the other point. For example, when a student doesn't understand something in the subject, or doesn't want to do something to get a good grade, the teacher can talk to the student and give him tips and help him. And also, if he knows his subject well, he can maybe explain the things, that students dont' understand in different ways, from which one way is easier to understand for the student. 
Also a teacher has to be able to get his class under control, therefore he needs the skill to relate with students too. If he can't get the students under his control, they will bother his lessons and do what they want. 
I also think, that he should be able to give his knowledge to the students, but he shouldn't do it in a boring way, like many teachers in school, which just do tasks from the book, write the solutions on the board and then repeat this, but he should do it in a fun way, so that the students are having fun and also learn something.
When i think of my school, there are just a few teachers, where the students really like the lessons. The other teachers are just boring, because they do it like i said, tasks from the book, solutions on the board, repeat. Or they are not able to control the class, everyone is loud, no one pays attention and everyone does, what he wants to do. For us sudents it maybe fun, but on the one hand, we don't learn anything and on the other hand, the teacher can't do anything in order to make us pay attention or learn something. 
So all in all, like i said in the beginning i disagree with the statement and i think, that a teacher should have both skills, relate and communicate with children on the one hand, but on the other hand, he should also have a good knowledge about the subject he teaches.