I don't agree with the statement. In my opinion the teacher's ability to relate well is importsnt but I also think that its important that the teacher has an excellent knowledge of the subject he teachs.
If the teacher has a good ability to relate well with his students it is good but it is not the whole thing. He also has to teach the right stuf and the things the students have to know, to write good tests and have a good future. He must know a lot of things about his subject so that he can answer some questions and help the students. If he just don't have an good knowledge of the subject why is he teaching it? I don't think that he just can be there and be something like a freind for his students he must teach them, what they have to know and the important stuf, even if the students do not want it in that moment. 
A teacher's ability to relate is importent too. If he can't relate well the students are not happy and think that the teacher isn't fair or so. They have to feel good and the teacher can help them with that, if he relate well with his students, but he isn't a friend of them. The teacher is the teacher and should behave like this. I think that a good relation between teacher and students are fine, but they have to remember that he is a older person, who give them marks. If the teacher is nice and freindly to his students and treat them good and fair they like to come to his subject and like to be in his class. It is good if the teacher is a person, where the students can go if they want to talk or have some problems, so that he can help or just listen, but they have to keep in mind that the person is their theacher and not a mate. 
It is also good to have the abilitiy to relate well because than the students feel understand and feel like they belong right there and so they aren't afraid of the teacher or something like that. 

In my opinion the ability to relate is important but not more important than the knowledge of the subject. I think a combination of both is a very good thing, because than the students will like to go to the school and get smarter and get a good edjucation and also have a good relate with the teacher to feel understand and not alone. The statement is good because it gives a hint that the relation between teacher andd students is important, but it is to radical. 