First of all, we should define what "more important" means. From mine, a student´s point of view, it´s important to get good grates. From a personal point of view, it makes sense to learn a lot and gain knowledge on different topics. I´m quite sure the task is alluding to the second possibility, but to me this perspective doesn´t make sense so I will explain how grades are effected by the personal relationship. I don´t like examples and arguments against my point of view, so i will skip both. 


In my opinion, relating well with students is far more important than excellent knowledgenof the subject being tought. The realtionsship should not be based on a friendhsip, but in my case, I´m not able to learn if I don´t like a teacher. Instead of learning, I´m worrying about what could happen bad to his or her. If the relationship becomes personal in a negative way, which seems to become normal in modern schools, this includs lots of problems. If a teacher tells you how arrogant and rude you are, this has nothing to do with the subject and the results will also be bad. We should consider that teachers don´t need a grate knowledge regarding one subjects if we take into account that they teach students who haven´t heard of a topic before. Furthermore, the lessons aren´t complex and easy to understand for someone who studied his subject. School isn´t only about knowledge, especially sotf children´s souls should be handled with respect. It´s a desaster that in Germany lots of children are afraid of their teachers. Concerning this, it isn´t relevant how much they learn; they´re still in the stage of development and their minds are formed. A good relationsship to a teacher makes him his teacher for his life, a teacher who can´t relate to his students can only talk about his subject, konwledge, which woun´t be reminded the next week. 
Although I mentioned that I would skip examples, one fits too well to left it out.
I really hate my English teacher on a personal level. She tells me about my character and feels like a psychologist. As a respectless person, she wants me to teach respect and tries to take part in all parts of my life. She´s aware of how much I hate her and does the same by herself. In consequence, my English lessons are useless and I´m feeling like a pig being confronted with death by his farmer every day. I don´t learn anything and my grades represent this. 

