In lessons teachers often complain about unconcentrated students who wont learn anything because of that. But maybe it is the fault of the teacher that the children don´t listen. If a teacher teaches a class he has to try and make the topic as interesting as possible. If that doesn´t happen the students will be bored and frustrated because they don´t understand the topic. 
So a good relation between the students and the teacher is important to ensure that the students are concentrated and the teacher knows how to encourage them to work on topics effectivly. He has to know how to create an interesting lesson about topics that often are more than not interesting to the children. If a teacher has this ability he has come one step further to the perfect lesson.
But if the teacher has already got this ability and lecks the knowledge of his subject it´s not going to help the students learn because there needs to be a certain input in every lesson. This can´t be granted if the teacher doesn´t know a lot about the topic. If children had questions it´d be hard for the teacher to answere which prvents a good process in every lesson. So if you take the subject chemistry you might already think: "Oh my god I hate this subject". So yes, many people don´t like it because they don´t understand it. There would be a missing relation between teacher and class. But if there was a extremely motivated class and the teacher exactly knew how to teach he still would have to be an expert in his subject to successfully teach this class.

In conclusion I can say that neither the statement above nor it´s opposite are fitting. Sure a teacher has to be able to relate to the class to understand where the problems are. But all this doesn´t help you if your teacher hasn´t got any idea what he is talking about. So there is a need of both of these abilities. But there are for certain very little teachers who really have both and this is why I disagree with this statement. It should rather sound like this: A teachers ability to relate well with students is as important as excellent knowledge of the subject being taught.
It´s only two small words making the big difference.