The statement if a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is often discussed in our current time. There are lots of reasons for both side, in this essay the main reasons will be named and I will give my humbled oppion to the statement.
First of all the communication and relation between the teacher and his students is important. Going to school does not only mean to learn the subjects, it also means to learn a social aspect, which is also very important. To work together with other children and to communicate with them, but also with the teacher is important for the  development of the students. The teacher plays an important role in this social aspect, but it is only one side of the medall. On the other side, the teacher is person who teaches kids the subject because he has the knowledge of it. He can answer questions and has to know nearly everthing of the subjects he is teaching. If his job was just to develope the social skills of the students, excellent knowledge isn't that important, but his job is to teach certain subjects and only a little part is to develope social skills. For example in math it's more important that the teacher can explain how to devide or how analyse graphics or tables, than he has a very good relation with the students. Of course he can't teach a class while having a bad realtion to it, but what matters more is the excellent knowledge. If a teacher can't answer specific questions or it shows of, that he does not know everything about his subject he is unprofessional and the students won't trust him anymore concerning the answers he is giving and the facts he tells them. Also the main goal in germany is tho reach and do the abitur and the final abitur exams are not about social skills and how to communicate with a teacher, there are about the things taught in the subject and if certain knowledge of the students is missing because of a unprofessionel teacher he failed his job.
In the end for me the excellent knowledge of a teacher about the subjects he is teaching is much more important than  his ability to relate well with student. The realtion to them is not unimportant, but being a professional teacher with excellent knowledge who can prepare the students well for the final exams is much more important.