The final grades of a student, who just finished his final exam, are not only related with his way of studying, but a very importand part is the work of the teacher and how much he invested in his students' knowledge. But is it true, that a teacher's ability to relate well with students is more important than excellend knowledge of the subject being taught? 
On the one hand, of course it's important for the teacher to have good knowledge about his subject because otherwise he wouldn't be able to teach it. If he can't teach his students what he should teach them or be able to answer their questions, there is no actual point in him doing so, because his students wouldn't learn everything they could have learned, if they would have had another teacher.
But on the other hand, if the teacher has excellend knowledge about a subject, but is not able to build up a connection to his students, there's no meaning in him having that knowledge at all, because he wouldn't be able to teach them the things he knows. Students tend to learn more, if they can empathize with their teacher and if they can't, there's a higher chance that the student's won't listen, even though the teacher has excellend knowledge. A teacher, who really gets along with his class now may doesn't have extraordinary knowledge, but he can teach the information he knows in a way the students are more likely to remember.
Another possible point of view is, that the teacher doesn't need to empathize with his students to teach his knowledge, if he is a very strict teacher. This isn't a very popular way and the students are also not very happy with it, but if the teacher makes them learn their stuff by "forcing" them (for example, every week there's a test, or always checking their homework), he would also be able to teach them well.
Now, all in all, I'd agree with the statement that the teacher's ability to relate to students is more important, because thisis a much easier way of learning and maybe in these kind of lessons the pupil might even be able to have some fun.