Nowadays, every family has got a television in their house. That means that all children have the possibility to turn it on and watch any programm they want. Between the programms, there are advertisments played the whole day through. But should it be allowed to advertise towards children between two and five years? In this essay I'm going to discuss this question and write my own opinion about this case.
It is a psychological fact that children are very easy to manipulate. The companies make use of this found. They try to convince children that they should also have a certain toy in their home. When a small child watches an advertisment in the television where another children smile and are happy to play with a toy that a company advertises, they suddenly long for this toy and ask their parents to buy it.
Unfortunately, not all parents have the financial capacity to buy everything their child would like to own. These parents may try to deny the request of their children, but they don't always succeed. This leads not disappointment of the toddlers and they might beginn to not like their parents anymore, because they don't get everything they ask for.
On the other hand, the adverstisment is the best way to raise the profit of a company. Without advertisment and the people who buy the product, the green numbers that a company writes wouldn't be so high. That means it depends on the amount of people who watch an advertisment if the company profits or not.
To resume, there are to possible ways to look at the advertisment : From the sight of the customers (in this case parents) who are not always able to buy everything that their child sees in an adverstisment and from the sight of the company for which is the advertisment one of the main resource of marketing and profit.
In my opinion the advertisments for children between two and five years should be banned from the television. If I were a parent and my child would ask for every toy it has seen in the commercials, I wouldn't be very happy about it. For first, I wouldn't have so much money to buy every single toy and for second, my child has to learn that it doesn't need everything what it sees in the television.