Everyday we're overloaded by the informations subconsciously reaching our brains. All the advertisements interrupting our favorite TV shows have become an annoying thing we have to cope with. But what we don't realize is which impact it has on us. More and more scientist claim that it has a negative impact on consumerism, self-image and our general self-value. One might ask himself what does it cause in young children, who are not able to think properly for their own good then? 

Considering the fact that television advertising is one of the strongest possibilities to create desires for something in the human's brain, advertisements directed towards young children should clearly be forbidden. It's obvious that those children are not able to determine what is real or not and what will benefit and what will harm them. So putting them in front of a TV where they are constantly provided with advertisements will have negative impacts on them. It can even be seen as a tool for manipulation of our young generation. If advertisement towards young children won't be banned, many companies could use it for themselves.

But even though the television programm is something which we can not really control, there are some guidelines the companies have to follow. And since it's forbidden to show something inappropriate on screen while it's still afternoon we might say that the advertisement won't have a negative impact on the child. All these rules are guaranteeing us that our children won't have to cope with sexuality, strong language and other for their age inappropriate behaviour.

History on the other hand has shown that such advertisements are able to cause huge hypes in young children. While  about 60 years ago children were not exposed to such things, nowadays it's normal for them to want something they've seen on the TV. It does not only raise the costs spent on the child but also makes them very materialistic already from the beginning of their life. We're lacking children who are able to play outside with nothing else than branches of a tree and some dirt. We're lacking children who are creative without any electronical devices and who enjoy the nature as we once did.

In contrary to that, there might also be advertisements who encourage children to be creative and develope their environment. If we think about for example an advertisement on the TV showing the newest acrylic paint, maybe it might cause the desire in a children to start paiting. And if we think even further, maybe one day he or she will be an artist. 

I strongly support the view that children should be outside and be challenged to be creative. In a reality where they are victims of the industries we can not expect them to grow to independent adults. It's our job to create a safe space for them. So we also have to provide them a world where they are not subconsciously manipulated. Maybe one day we will be at a point where not everything has to be controlled by the media. 



