I am going to talk about the television advertising directed toward young children. In the beginning I will start with the bad biological influence of the television for the child. It can lead to cancer because of the power that can destroy the cells of our bodys. We know about those facts so we should be more aware of it. We should look out for our children because we are the adults we can't just let them do whatever they would like to do. They are children so they can't think of the bad influences in the same way like we do. But it's not even just the health fact. It's also the age which has a big influence on this disagreement. If you look at it psychologically, in this age of the children you have to talk to them and to be able to comunicate with them. EVen if they can't reply you they are listening though and they are learning while you talk to tem. Their brain starts to get more active and they can improve their thinking activities. You have to sociate babies and children so therefore they can live a better live where they are able to communicate better with the people who are surounding them. There was once a little girl her name was genie. She has been beaten up everytime she started to scream or to cry so she did not say anythimg anymore. After they had found her she was not able to talk to people even though she was in the age of 7 years. So with that exemple you can see that the process of a good socialisation and of a good brain function it all starts very early. It's an action and a reaction, you have to react on the baby because they see and hear more things than we could say. We often think they are not able to realise a lot things because they are that young but that is actually not true. You have to give a child a lot of affection and attention. It can just learn things when you are talking and communicating with it othervise it won't be able to learn for exemple a language. It can listen to a radio all day long it does not have a big impact on the child, it doesn't learn the language in the same way than it does it with another human being. So to summarise it a little bit there are not just negative facts in the biological aspect there are also a lot of contras in the psychological aspect which you have to be considered of. 
There are a lot better ways and alternatives how you could entertain your child. A very good way is to start reading something for the child and start to show him/her pictures and explain them everthing you can. Of course it takes much more time and energy than to just let it sit down in front of a television but the influences are much better for the developement. 
Of course we can even see it with the geographycal perspective. There are a lot of resourcess which could be used by far better than to be invested in all kinds of technical television. 
So as a facit I think there are a lot of contras for this statement and I think we should start to think better for our children and their developement. We can have an impact on all those things and we should start to invest more time and energy in the entertaining and learning process for the children of the next generation. 