Television advertisments bring in lots of money for their producers but also for the TV Programm that cuts them in. But are they good for our society, do we like them or are they just annoying. Do they actually cause us to buy a certain product or use public institutions? In between all the arguments about this topic there is one specific quetion I want to talk about now and that is, whether TV advertisments, that are clearly directed to very young children, should bee allowed.

 At first sight there is no actually big harm towards the kids directly if they watch TV advertisments. Many children might not even be interested. There is no harm to them to spend all their money on a product,just because they didn't think about it first. The parets pay and they make the decisions so where is the problem.


There are many problems about TV advertisments that are directed to little children. Many mothers let their kids watch TV for daily periods so that they can chill out for a while. None of them thinks about the advertisments in between the TV shows that their kis might watch as well. When a TV commercial appears for example about Kinder Chocolate that might not have any effect on the children? Yes it does have an effect. As soon as the children have seen the advertisment, maybe even without actually realising it they ask their mother for chocolate. So that advertisment had a direct influence on the children. That kind of influence isn't good for young children. They don't realise that the advertisment was the reason why they wanted to have chocolate. Young children can be influenced very easily. They see something in for example a toy and they want to have it immediately, no matter whether it is healthy or smart to buy that product in that moment. This can be a huge problem for mothers. They already need to convince their children day for day that they do not need for a toy or sugar cand for example. This  kind of influnece is not good for  the growth of their character and it might cause a wrong image of the world. Furthermore in advertisments only ideal kids play, there are no ugly or fat ones. This gives the children a very wrong image of the world and might cause depression or other disabilities.  The only way out of  this disaster is to eighter forbid your children to watch TV or to forbid TV advertisments towards children. 

