"Television advertising is a modern concept of brainwashing young people".
Such statements might seem utterly wrong and stupid. But they have reason.
In todays society, it is common for a child to watch TV and for a family to have one. When they come across an advertisement, they are being influenced by the ads. Believe it or not, watching ads affect you unconciously whether you like it or not. If you watch an ad for a certain company producing shampoo for example, you might not realise it, but you will rather buy their product than the product of another company. This happens especially with childern, since their brains are underdeveloped and therefore, they do not have an own opinion, they will be amazed by the ads and will ask their parents to buy them that ceratin product. Since the child is not able to watch this ad without being influenced by it and since it happens without them knowing, it is fairly reasonable to assume that ads should not be allowed.
Now it's not like the companys are secretly planning on brainwashing the viewers, however, they are certainly thinking of ads that will influence the viewers. However, is it even a bad thing when children are being affected? They have parents that hopefully have a mind big enough to tell if the product their children want is actually needed. If it is, they will buy it. But that's not a bad thing. If they didn't buy it from the company the ads belong to, they would by it from another company and for god's sake there are enough companys that produce shampoo. And when they see an ad, they will buy the product introduced in the ads, after all, that is why companys produce ads, otherwhise no one would know of their product.
All in all, I think television ads directed at young children should be allowed if the parents are overlooking the whole thing and decide whether it's a good idea or not. And if not, let the children be happy with the product they get. I was not the one to phrase the words of wisdom: "Naivety is a fool's blessing" or " Ignorance is bliss" but I would certainly use them here.