Watching TV from a young age on is normal today. Everybody has a favourite TV-show, even the youngest ones. But there is always advertisment between the TV-shows. Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed because the advertisments make false promises that small children can not distinguish from reality, also the advertised product is mostly unhealthy for children and lastly a child is far more disceptable to advertisment then an adult.
For example Kinder Country, you have an advertisment that shows a picture of a perfectly healthy nature landscape and you think that this company produces a healthy product that is good for your child. But the reality is very different than the advertisment. The nature from advertisment never made it into the Kinder Country. It contains mostly sugars and fats and is therefore unhealthy. But if you get fooled by advertisment how should a child distinguish advertisment from reality.
Another example would be Red Bull. In the advertisment of Red Bull it is said that if you drink it then you will grow wings. An adult should know that this is probabably not going to happen. But a child is going to think that it will really happen. And that is a false promise that a small child can not distinguish from reality.
We all know that we are quite disceptable to advertisment but small children are even more disceptable to it. Also studies have shown that children want to buy a product because they recognize it. And we all no the situation where a child in a store wants an unhealthy product and the parents will not buy it. With advertisment that is not directed to children we would have less of these situations.
With a ban of television advertising directed toward young children we would have less discepted children that want to buy an unhealthy product that is advertised under false promises. That could lead to an reduction of the obesity rate in small children. And of course we would have less enerved parents in stores because children want to buy unhealthy products.


