In the current day and age the usage of advertisments is becoming more and more obnoxious. This includes not only direct and obvious marketing such as television commercials but also much more subtle ones. One question which often arrises in the discussions surrounding the topic of ads is, whether one should be allowed to directly target children with these marketing campaigns. While proponents argue for free speech and the right for companies which target children to be equally represented in the media, opponents claim that children can be too easily influenced and are therefore not suitable for direct advertising purposes.

The main reason why I do not see a ban on commercials targeted at younger audiences as a suitable measure is due to the fact that companies which produce children's products would be shut out of a market they desperately need to stay profitable. A company which is not legally allowed to advertise suffers heavy losses, because it is in direct competition not only with other "children companies" but also many other companies which aim to offer toys and other entertainment goods, which are not banned from advertising their products. 
Also, children's inability to decide to buy something on their own means that the ads cannot directly lead to a purchase.

On the other hand, although they cannot directly buy it, they are still able to be influenced by commercials, and much more so than adults. While they will not buy the goods themselves the pressure exerted on to parents, if their child sees a toy he wants to have but the parents cannot afford it, is immense. Banning commercials aimed at children would therefore reduce that pressure and allow parents, especially of lower income, to surprise their children more and make more decisions regarding the toys their child should play with.

From my personal experience, the pressure of a young kid who wants to get a toy is not that big of a problem because children that age usually lack the memoric ability to hold on to a wish for a long time and can easily be distracted by another toy. Therefore, I do not think that the opponent's argument holds as much weight as the proponents, leading me to the conclusion that television advertising directed towards young children should remain legal.