Does TV advertising directed toward young children influence the job market or will they turn them into mindless slaves of the companies? A lot of people think, that television advertising towards young children should be prohibited. But why? Well, this will be shown in the following essay.

If we let our children watch such advertising, they don't really understand what they are watching. The brain of a two to five year old childisn't able to make a difference between reality and fantasy. So if it per example watches an advertising for a new toy and it says, that it will turn them happy for the rest of their life, they will believe it. So we could say, that this advertising brainwashes the young generation and urges them to buy or make their parents buy the products of certain companies.

On the other hand, there is also the chance, that the children don't understand what they are watching or they just forget it, because children at this age aren't really able to remember all the things they witness. Especially, when they are watching TV, because there they have a real flood of informations and impressions incoming. 

Furthermore, the companies which produce the products in the advertising, will sell more of their products, because childrencould be able to urge their parents to buy them. This could be positive for the companies and even produce more work places in the factories. Also people could start working as producers, whih only concentrate on child advertisment and how they are the most efficient. This would also create more jobs.

But letting children wach TV at the age of two to five is really  dangerous and could lead to the fact, that they later won't be able to play by themselve or interact with other cildren, because they never learnt it due to the fact, that they were just watching television the whole day instead of going outside and play.

In the end I'd have to say, that it doesn't matter if there is television advertising toward young children, because children shouldn't stay at home and watch television all day long. It really isn't healthy and won't help them for their future life. Also children aren't able to know what is reality and what is fantasy during those commercials, which could lead to dangerous incidents. They will soon or later be more and more influenced by the companies and this crates a weak personality, if you are getting influenced and brainwashed day by day. So if I have to say yes or no to TV advertising towards children I would say no. 