The fact, that the things that are being showed on TV affect our lifes cannot be denied. Adevrtising, movies, political discussions,- even the weather report- has an impact on our daily actions, what clothes we wear, to whom we give our votes, which juice we buy in the stores. Everybody watches TV, so nearly everyone can be reached by its messages. If parents were being asked, wether they approved advertisment specifically designed for their young kids, probably none of them would be too pleased. But still, commercial companies do try to reach adnd influence little childern.
Wether it's healthy or not for kids to spend a lot of time in front of the TV is another question that cannot be discussed in this essay,- i shall take it as a fact. But when parents allow their kids to watch TV, they need to keep in mind, that commercials and ads will pop up and have an impact on the childs behaviour. Of course, one could ask that they can't just walk in a store and buy stuff themselves anyways, so what's the bad thing about it? But not only do parents influence their children, it's also that the children have a huge impact on their parents! It's very likely, that when a kid really wants to have a specific product, the parents will eventually buy it for them. So indirectly, commercials and ads are actually made to get parents or other grown ups to buy certain products for their kids. So in fact, there is not much of a difference between the advertisment for grown ups and the one for children,- in the end, it's the same person buying the product. If a parent allows the kid to watch TV, it also allows advertisment companies to do their work, so it's the parents choice what he wants the kid to influence.
On the other hand, it could also be said that children often watch shows or programmes simply for entertainement, like as an alternative to being read a book or good night story by their parents. Is this really the right occasion to place in commercials? TV for children is not some kind of sale-show, children don't have their own money to spend, they won't question the things showed on TV. Like that, they of course present easy 'victims' for advertising companies. Maybe the parents only want the children to watch the show, and not see commercials. So is this fair, or some kind of mean tricking?
I think, that in this age, everything the kids see, all their actions, their comportement is the work of their parents. If parents are against children-commercials, they should simply not allow their kids to watch TV at all. TV lives from commercials, be it for grown ups, the elderly or kids. Everyone should have the right to decide what he wants to see, but TV and ads cannot be separated. Of course, commercials can be annoying or have bad influences, but there is a possibility to escape that: Just switch of the TV! There are far worse things being showed than children advertisemnet- violence, death, catastrophes- so why forbid something that each and everyone can avoid seeing,- it's all about choice and willpower, to raise kids without their daily dose of TV-