Growing up in a privileged first world country, I got used to watching televesion every week. I always looked forward to the moment, where my mother would announce, that we would watch a movie tonight. But the only bad thing i remember were the advertisement breaks. Even if they sometimes showed me the possibility of what I could wish for christmas or my birthday, I just wanted to watch the movie. So why exactly do enterprises want to make advertisements directed toward young children? Should they even be banned?

The one word that comes to my mind when I hear advertisement is "profit". It is a way to sell products to people, but in a very manipulative way. They use psychological tricks to get more buyers. For example the perfume advertising. Have you ever seen on television a Dior perfume accompanied by an average looking woman? Did that woman ever look unspecial or natural? No, clearly they want you to connect their product with beautiful and attractive things, so maybe next time you'll stand near the perfume section in a store, you will subconsciously feel comforted by the mere sight of the flacon. You got brainwashed. Imagine that situation whith a child, only aged two to five and still having a young brain. Those advertisements would have a much bigger influence on it, than they have on us adults. They still don't realize what the difference about realoty and imagination is. They even can't see the difference between an other person and himself. They're still growing and evolving. If they already get influenced in this negative form, they won't know in the futuere what's right and wrong.

On the other side are advertisemt a way to learn about the world and the things, that exist on it. Useful could be this knowledge, as children who watched them, will be more experienced when it comes to learning vocabulary. Every advertisement can show a picture of a product, and a person who says something to it. An easy and playful way to learn. 

I personally thing, that advertisement should be banned, as the risk of influencing children the bad way is too big. I feel uncomfortable when I imagine how many children want to buy things, just because they saw an advertisement of it on the television. So yes, stop the brainwashing on children! Ban advertisemennts