In today's world, the different types of media are well discussed and almost everywhere we look we see advertisements wanting us to spend money on something. Also a critical point is the right way to educate your children. So what if those two things came together? Do commercials have a negative on young children?
Advertisements are a way of fooling people, but what consequences does this have on our kids?

To start off, the fact that is has become normal and acceptable for children aged between two and five to sit in front of a television regularly is pretty much the cause of this questions. Because of the new technologies and differents ways to take care of our kids, letting them watch something on TV is a difficult offer to refuse. Moreover the advertising showing up in the middle of a smurfs episode could give them some ideas to put on their wish lists for their next birthday. 
However, advertisements have been proven to have a big influence on the viewers psychologie, and it should be put in question whether it is good for these young kids to confront such conflicts at such a young age. Kids at such age do not really have an independet character yet, making them vulnerable to such adverts. Some critics even say that the five minutes of commercials are a way of exploiding the children's minds by taking control.
Another point that speaks against advertisements at such a young age is the future image of their lifes. Most kids that see those many teddy bears, board games, princess dresses and hot wheel cars being offered on the screen see it as a necessity to get them. This leads to an ungrateful and spoiled boy telling his mom to buy him the newest batman costume just because, or, even worse, it can make them feel disappointed if the toy they received in the mail is not exactly what it looked like on TV. 

Getting to a conclusion, I believe that it would be smart to ban the television advertising for these ages, as they trick you into seeing a fake reality. Kids should not have to be treated like clients in a material world, as they can't even buy the products themselves. I agree with the fact that this kind of marketing should not be allowed. 