The television is nowadays a comman way to show advertisement. You can project short clips oder just an advertising sentence or picture. This way it is a very simple one for producers to spread their brand new products. But there are many other options so as the newspaper, the radio or the cinema. Television advertising reaches out for everybody who is sitting in front of the television. Also the kids at a younger age. This is what I talk about in this essay.

In my opinion it is an easy and uncomplicated way to advertise things that have just been launched. It attracts people during their freetime so they enjoy watching it. Some advertising clips are very colourfull and accompanied by beautiful soundtracks or music. Therefore it is quite interesting and exciting watching this advertisement especially for toddlers oder babies. They don`t really understand what the television is saying or what the message could be. But they like seeing this spectacular play of colours and music. So they stick to the display and enjoy seeing it. This is the funfact about it, they are happy. They see things they would like to play with and go to their parents to ask if they could get it. So they can communicate their  needs. They start learing how to express their needs at a young age. This is good for their future. 

But there are some disadvantages too. Sitting in front of the television is not really healthy for young kids. They stick to the display instead of playing with toys or outside. In addition to that they get influenced by the advertisements. The kids know every new toy so it gets difficult for the parents to show their kid something that it doesn`t know yet. They will claim about not having the newest toys of the advertisement. Further, a two-year-old gets to know all these products olthought it`s not even necessary at this age. They do not just see the advertisements of toys but also stuff that aren`t made for eyes at this age. It`s a bad influence that has consequences for the behaviour of the kid. 

In conclusion I say that it shouldn`t be strictly forbitten for young children, so I do not totally agree. But I think it is the parents duty to look after their toddlers so they do not always (24/7) watch the television advertising.
