Directed advertising television toward children is not that bad, because in their future they will be watching the Televisions, so they can't help it but see it in their young age. Espacially when their older siblings are already watching the Television. So when they come by and see them doing or better watching, then they also want to sit next to them and watch with them because i think older siblings are like idols for yonger siblings. 

Although those positive aspects i think it should not be allowed. Because children in that age are exploring the world, life and starting to question everything. But when their in frot of the Television they might think, that the answers, that they get from the Television might be right. Well very often those answers aren't right because it's the Television and they often say a lot of things, that aren't really right,just to earn money, as everyone know. Well every adult. Because they already experienced a lot of thing in their childhood and that wasn't from the Television, that they get to know all that stuff, no from playing in the garden, get hurt while playing soccer and so on.
And i also think that it shouldn't be allowed, because they could watch things that they shouldn't see, like prostitution or more vulgar movies or series. So they start to question it and i don't think, that it is a good age with two to five to know that stuff. There are also a lot of movies where an age is given that says, if you can watch it or not. Like it says 16 so you have to be sixteen to see it. And i think thats a good thing, so it is unterteilt in certain sections. But a really inportant point is, that children aged two to five can't alway read. Of corse there are some kids, that can but practically always they can't. So perhaps their parents or older siblings aren't at home and then they will see those things, because they couldn't read the warning.
So what i would say to the parents of young children: "Parents always be there for your children."