Today it is normal that television advertising is commmon and in every break of a film for example there are a lot of advertisings. For some people it is interesting for other just disturbing. But how is it for young children? Do they look interested to them or don't they understand anything? Therefore should they be forbidden for them or not?

First i want to talk about what the television advertising contains. Some are just about clothes or some new eating stuff. The producer make this kind of advertising to get as much as possible publicity so they can sell the new stuff to the people. That's one of the easiest way to get to the peolpe. Other advertisings are about new store which have to get public. Than there are also advertisings about health. They tell you about how you can live as healthy as possible or the advertisings talk about health asegurations. Then there are the advertising who want to show you how thin you can be or how you can find the love of your life. And then there are the disgusting one. This kind of advertisings are about strippers, sex or sextoys.

Do the parents want their children watch this kind of advertising?
I don't think so. Luckily most advertising that are disgusting came late in the night when the children should be sleeping. That's why theres no problem if the young children watch advertisings. There's nothing dirty and they don't understand most advertising.
But because of advertisings the children could get a "bad" immage. Maybe when they see every time really thin models in the advertisings they want to be also so thin when they grown. They don't know nothing else. They learn also a lot of wrong stuff and honestly advertisings are unusable. They don't make you more intelligent. They just manipulate you.

That's why I think that for young children should be forbidden to watch advertising. They manipulate our children from the beginning no matter if they understand them or not. Because passing the time they will understand them but they wouldn't see that they're getting manipulated. In my opinion advertisings are somesting for adults and they shouldn't be shown in children channels.