When you're watching television you often can see spots or advertising with children where they have to present a product. This can start in a very young age for example with two years. Athough it looks very sweet, is it good and fair for the children?
When a child is so young it cannot decide whether it wants to do that or not. The parents think they know what good for their child is and say what it has to do. It doesn't matter if it wants to do it or not. The children which have to be part of a spot aren't often happy with doing it but they don't have a choice. Critics say it isn't good for them when they have to do something they don't like to. Children should do what makes fun and shouldn't be working in a studio for someone they don't know.
In the television you can't see how it really is. You just see a perfect life and moment but this isn't real. In reallife the children aren't happy with it and must do it although they don't want to. It's just a fake image in the television advertising which persuade people to buy something they don't need.
The good thing about it is that they get many experiences by doing it. They can do such cool and funny things and not just very normal and boring activities they do the rest of their time. For the person who wants to sell something it's very good because a lot of people which see the advertising think it's very sweet and usable so they buy it. You can get a lot of money when you sell something by using a sweet child. 
I agree definitive with the statement that this advertising should be forbidden. For me children with the age of two to five are to young to be in the television and to work in a studio. When I was a child i enjoyed it to be outdoor or to play with someone else in my age. I would never like to make advertising or do whats other people say I should do. The television should definitive stop with showing their audience a fake world where everything is so perfect. In reallife the things aren't so perfect and peaceful and the children aren't so happy with it and do this voluntarily.
Children should have fun and play something and shouldn't do advertising because it isn't good and enjoyable for them.