Essay about a statement 

In our society social media is really strong presented. Social platforms like Instagramm, We heart it, Facebook etc. influence our relation to the internet and also, in general, to electronical tools. 
The invention of electronical tools started really early. With the invention of the radio, news papers started to become less importan. When televisions were created movies started to become a high weigh. Books become less important. With the introduction of advertising, the electronical society reached a new level. Beauty products, "Thinmakers", toys and a lot of other things were presented in television advertising. And now, advertising is everywhere. There isn`t one platform tht I know where you don`t find advertising( youtube, instagramm, facebook...).
But why is advertising so important for the sellers? 
Advertising has the effect of manipulating the watchers. Especially really young kids are confronted with "Thinmakers", Toys (like dolls, plastic cars etc.) and beauty products. They think that the advertising is telling the truth. This kind of manipulation against young children is definitely terrible. Children still have the sense of innocence and they don`t know "the bad thing in life" (war, exams,). For them everybody and everything is good and is telling the truth. And exactly this innocence of young children is the sensible point. 
In my opinion, advertising has more bad aspects than goods. For example: A young teenage girl is finding herself and creating her character. In that age, children are "finders" of themeselves. Advertising show with thinmakers like pills and several diffrent shakes, that only skinny people are beautiful. This is a really dangerous presentation of beauty. A young girl thinks really fast that seh has to be as skinny as the women in the television. And than she starts to eat less. This can end in Anorexia Nervosa. Of course this is an extreme example. But if your studying the studies of anorextic people you can realise, that advertising is kind of dangerous. 80% of all teenage girl suffer because o Anorexia Nervosa, Bulimia, Binding Eating etc. If your looking at the level of boys then you see "only" 3% of all teenage boys. But this are 80% and 2% way to much.
ALso the trend of clothes is terrible shown in advertising. With your style you can live your creativity. But so many people don`t know that most of this products were made by children in the Third World. I think advertising is showing us a definitely wrong illusion of our world relations. It is showing a perfect life but not, that other peo
I definitely agree with the statement but I think, that it should be in genereal forbidden in social media.  