Heres my overwhelming essay on advertising for young kids. Fasten your seatbelts and be ready to read my opinion.

So here we are, discussing whether Television advertising directed toward children should be allowed or not. Obviously children of the age from two to five couldnt really understand what advertising is. They cant even understand it because they mostly not even know how Television really works. I think that children of the age of five years or younger souldnt even watch Television rather then going outside and explore nature. So the advertisment for the little kids would only aim to the parents, so they buy the products for their children. I think that Television advertising as a whole should be minimized and maybe even should be forbidden. For fucks sake, do we really watch TV for the advertising, to see what i could buy if i wanted to, or even better, what i should buy because without it i cant really enjoy life as I could with this product? No. This is also the main reason why I barely not watch TV at all. The Advertising is annoying as f*ck and in the news they only talk about famous people doing shit about i dont f*cking care. So back to the youngsters. I dont think its a good idea to make advertising for little kids, only so the parents are more or less forced to buy that new super mega magnificient marvellous product for their young kids, for the only reason that they can see its nearly the same as all the others. Because I have this kind of point of view on TV and advertising, I can only say that I dont think advertising is needed at all. Either we need something or we dont. The only thing advertising os good for, is that we buy things we dont reeeeeaaaaalllyyyy need to. So we spend money on things we dont need, to impress people we dont like with money we dont have. I think you should spend our money on the things we need to life a good life. And not this kind of stuff we dont even have a use for. And If you should have to much money, why dont invest it in Investment goods. Like in stocks, houses, or even just simple trade market. Buy things and sell it. See? profit. Sometimes I see things in advertisments or in shops and think by myself: who the **** would buy such a s***? Advertising is needed because if someone doesn't suuport advertising, his product wont be that succesfull. So he wont make money out of it. So he has to g with the flow and advertise too. The amount of money spent in advertising is ridicoulously high. And this for the use that people can see what brand is in trend right now. Rest in piece capitalistic world. Nothing against capitalism, but this site of capitalism is really useless. You spend money as a factory on something that doesnt pay off. 
nonsense. 

It was me a pleasure 
:)