Someone gave us a statement to comment and you wont believe what happened!!!
(scroll down for the whole stroy, no clickbait)

























Televison advertising is a major concern in the last few years since it has evolved quite strongly. For example are nowadays rather descreet messages to be found in advertising. Accordion to certain groups, this is very harmful to children between ages two and five. This text will show a some counterarguments to that statement, so better buckle the fuck up motherfuckers and be prepared for this boredom-infused, lit af writing extravaganza.

A major concern is that children exposed to advertisement directed to them will create whishes which can not be always fulfilled by the parents. This pushes the cildren to spend more money as soon as they have some to spend since the want to fulfill all the wishes their parents could or would not fulfill when they were younger. A further concer may be that toddlers are easily influenced by televisiion and advertisement.

The Problem wiht banning television advertisement for toddlers is that one cannot define clear borders for directed content and even advertisement directed to adults will most certainly influence children aswell. Now, they could say that in general ads on childrens TV programme should be banned but then the question arises how the channels would make money in order to keep the service going. Furthermore will the improtance of television advertising fall since the importance of the television fall and even young children will rather grow up with the internet than with televisions. Therefore we could say that banning television advertising directed to children aged two to five is not the best we can do to protect our children from advertising.

In the end we could say that televison advertising to children has a influence on them but its influence is falling and we should rather concentrate on protecting our children from harmful advertising in the internet or in general in modern mediums. In my opinion, the supporters of the ban have a point but they focus their concerns on the wrong medium since TVs have lost in importance (as seen in one South Park episode where Cartman becomes a internet star and there is a christmas special to do something and one of the kids stars a petition to save the televison, since that's what brought families together the best).