Television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed

First of all it's clear that television advertising isn't the best influence for young children. With exiting, colourful and loud advertising for toys, clothes or food a childs attention is easily catched. They now have the impression that they only want this one thing in the advertising and beacuse children are still so naive they believe everything what is said in the advertising.
On the other hand children should learn how advertising companys trick customers because when they don't learn those things as a child they have to learn it when they are older and thats as bad as when they're young when not even worse.
It's also business of the parents if they want that their children to see advertising or not so it shouldn't be a law or a rule about it but let the parents decide whats best for their own children.
Besides I think it would be better for children to play outside and be creative by their own instead of watching to much television. And if they don't, advertising can't have a bad influence on them. 
However advertising isn't always a bad thing. Children can learn that the sometimes want things but it isn't bad when they didn't get it. Or they learn that they have to wait for something and the can't just always point with their finger and their parents get it for them. With this they are not going to be spoiled when they're older.
It's also nearly impossible to ban advertising from television so if advertising shouldn't be allowed televisoion advertising directed toward young children you can't let them watch television anymore and I think that's clearly unfair.
So in my opinion advertising should be allowed for young children. I just think it's important that parents know how much television their children are watching and that they have some rules about using the television for their younger children. 
If that happens I don't think advertising can have such a bad influence on the young children even though I know that advertising has an influence on us.