Advertising in general is annoying to many people. The television is fluded by advertisement and takes the whole joy of television. So I think in general advertisement should be minimanized.

But specifically advertisement toward young children I don't see a difference to the advertisement which is directed toward other ages. Because I think this is the responibility of the parents that they teach their kids how to handle or how to interpretate advertisemen, eventhough it might be tempting for the kids to react like they are "supposed" to.
It's like all the other advertisements they are designed to make the watcher want to have the things which appear in the advertisement. They phsycologically stimulate the brain of the consumer to make them consume.
The same with the advertisement for kids the company shows them toys and present them even better than they are with effects which stimulate again the brain of the kid so that the kid wants the toy. This is economy and like this the economy keeps going like it is now, everyone has what he wants. But it just shouldn't get out of hand like it's happening today with the fluding amount of advertisement there is today.

Another problem I see besides the amount of advertisement is the kind of advertisement you find where and when.
So what I mean is the advertisement which contain sexual, brutal or violent content which are meant for adults and young adults. So I think that these kinds of advertisement do not belong on everyday or comercial TV cahnnels at day time at least. I even think there should be a seperate channel for just advertisements of different kinds or there should be at least a clear trigger warning to the consumer which warns or explains the following content.

I'd say that even for all advertismenet of a similar kind there should be a seperate channel or source where you can find them.
I know that then many channels and shows would't be able to afford their program anymore because the money source of advertisement is then missing. So I thinkt then they should include their product in to the show the consumer actually wants to watch like they are already doing it in some TV shows or on the internet where many video creators are sponsored by companys which put their product in to the videos of the creators for example.

Beside of the adverdisements just being annoying there wouldn't be any problems, if the parents just teach their kids how to handle these things.

I don't even know myself what the best solution would be, at least for me but it should and will be in a way how I explained it now.