Producers use the television to present their products to possible costumers. Naturally, as they're trying to sell their pruducts to the costumbers. they are showing them in the best way. As people watch advertising, they get influenced automatically. Many people get convinced and willing to buy the products they've seen in the advertising. But one has to be careful, because not all advertisings are trustable and one can't always relay on what he got told about the product.  
So should television advertising toward young children be allowed?

On one hand, as already explained, there's a big chance of the children beeing influenced. Especially young children from the age two to five are pretty naive and easy to convince. They get exited about someting very fast and as they're that young, they're often not able to think rationally and to decide if one really needs this product or not. The advertisings makes them wanting materialistic things that often don't lead to happiness and satisfaction, but to the urge feeling of wanting more and more. 
You could even say that kids that age aren't really meant to watch television at all, especially not advertising. 

On the other hand do we not know if kids that age really even understand the topic of the advertising they're watching or if they're just fascinated by the television and by what's happening on the screen. And even if they wanted a product really bad, they wouldn't be able to buy it their own. The parents still can decide their own and they still got the power to say no. Like that a child learns to choose wisely and it learns that it can't have everything. 

In my opinion advertising isn't something bad, beacause in the end the costumbers decides weather to let himself beeing convinced or not. But one can't watch advertsing without beeing influenced a bit, especially children. So I think that advertising directed toward young children should be forbitten. For the savety of for example children with working parents, which are beeing home all day, doing nothing but watching television. For not letting them beeing influenced by big, capitalistic producers and for not lying to them about unnecessary products.  