Why do big companies produce television advertising which is directed toward young children? The answer to that question is quite easy - because they know that the parents let their children watch the television even at a very young age. The problem, as we see, are not the "big, bad companies" who generate needs who did not exist before but the parents who are way too bored of their children to spend time with them and for whom it is way less difficult to just let their "beloved" sit in front of the TV. So why would we forbid the advertising in a media which should not even be counsumed by young children? Why would we blame others for the faults which the parents make themselves? Because it is way easier to search the responsibility and the fault for our own mistakes at other people. A big capitalistic company without face - that is an enemy which everyone would see as the responsible one, the one who wants to let our children become rotten and who try to convince our children somehow to buy more stuff or something like that, but even if that were the case, who has got the money to buy things? The parents, not the children. If a child tries to get something which it has seen somehow in the TV or the adertising or the media or whatever, it still has to ask their parents. But it is not the fault of the people who produce the advertising that the parents are way too weak to say no to their own children who are not even old enough to go to school. 
In conclusion, we should bloody stop to always make big problems up which are our own faults and to understand that we - if we want it or not - still bear responsibility, especially for those who should be under our protection. And even if not - the world's population - or the majority of it - suffers from that many problem at the moment such as right activists, so-called "pro-lifes", Trump, hunger. War. Homophobes. Rapists. Pedophiles. Murderers. Diseases. Why do we even have the time and the power to discuss that shallow questions? Because we live in a country who has too much money to even know how it feels like to have real problems. But yeah, it is way more important to spend time with the "television habbits" of our children in a country where our problems get created by our own wealth. So here arethe solutions: Get your fucking shit together, do not let your children sit in front of the TV for hours and hours each day, teach them how to think critically and do not let them dictate what you should buy or not, because in the end, you are the parent, the child is only the child (if you are unlucky it is probably your own) and as a person of authority it is your choice what to buy and what not. 