Television advertising is a very big theme in our society today. Because there are so many psycological ways to change the wahrnehmung of the people. BUt little children can be better influenced bey television advertising than older people, because they want everything they can see and that is presented in a positiv way. For example if there is a new Babyborn and they can see how other children (in TV) play with it, they also want this new one, and it does not matter if they have already one or not, they just want the new one. 
Another argument to not allowed the television advertising is that sometimes, there are good series or documentations about themes kids should know. But every few minutes comes a short advertieser, so the children have to watch them. Or they generally do not watch television, but then,they also do not watch the good documentations. 
But these products from the advertise should have the chance to be presented, and they pay to show these. So maybe its the exercise from the parents to give their kids other things to do than watching television - if they do not want to show them advertises. The parents can buy a film about goog-to-know-themes, or they can read books about interesting things or they can tell and discuss with their children. So they are many other ways to learn things about life. 
I think the kids learn more about everything if they do it for themself. If they watch just television, their intelligence can not profit, because they do not think for themself, they just watch something. When they do not watch television, they can not be influenced by the television advertising and the can learn more for themself. And maybe they do something and can hold it in their memoir, because if you watch television, most of the time you do not know what you have watched a few days later.
The thing is; the parents have to know what they want for their children. The advertiser should can show their television advertising, and if the parents do not want that their kids see it, there are many way to go around the advertise. 