Advertising on digital media, mainly on Television and on internet sides such as youtube, have experienced an uplifting in recent years. Following the trend of our society to get digitalized, the children also seek their joy in television and youtube. There they get confronted with advertisment for the first time in their lifes. This essay should examine the question whetherr it should be allowed to create advertisment which is directed towards young children should be allowed.

On one hand, children between two to five years of age are not able to form an own opinion. When they get confronted with a certain opinion, which is usually the case in those kind of advertisment, they frequently adapt the very same opinion. Additionally, those advertisments often show, that one might be more included into the society, or in specific peers, when one  chooses to buy this product, which again makes them eager to this product. All in all, it is extremely simple to generate a young child's interest towards a product

On the other hand, there are  parents, who should be responsible that for firstly what a child watches in its free time, but also what it buys. A child does not have the money  to buy something. Most of the times, they ask their parents to do so. And the parents should not be that easily influencable. 

Furthermore, if the law forbid these advertisements, then children would not be informed about new products they are keen on playing with. This results in less children specific products being sold, which eventually can damage the economy. Also, in the advertisment, jobs would be lost. Additionally, the channels airing children programms would go bankrupt, since they cannot generate money from advdertisement.

Another point is the resistibilty. Once an experiment was conducted in which children were given the opportunity to eat a marshmallow right now or wait and then eat two marshmallows. The longer they waited for the other marshmallow, the more successful the will become in their later life, the study suggested. In life nowadays, it is keen to be able to resist. And these advertisements might be a good preparation for later life.

In conclusion, it can be said that to forbid those advertisements would seem like a good idea at first sight, but it would just bring disatvantages.


Ps: those lags/ freezes are highly annoying. 