In this essay the topic of televion advertising directed towards young children is discussed. This is a controversial topic as there have been rising many concerns. The statement argues that young children who are aged between two and five years shoud not be the targets of these television advertisements.

First of all, it is arguable that these advertisements should stay allowed, because there exists the law that states freedom of speech. For example if there are no more television advertisements allowed for products that only sell to children between the age of two and five years these companies can't sell their products. Therefore, these televsion advertisements have to stay allowed. Secondly, it would hurt the economy if these companies couldn't sell their products anymore, because they are not allowed to make television advertising. This could lead to whole companies who have to file for bankruptcy which leads to a loss of jobs and this hurts the economy badly. Thus, even parents of children who are aged between two and five could lose their employment.

On the other hand, parents have to buy these products for their children, because the children have seen them in the advertisements. For example, a boy who is three years old sees the exact same toy car he has seen in the television advertisements in the supermarket.Of course he will beg his mother to buy it for him een though he might already have tons of toy cars at home. Furthermore, the exposure of small children to the same television advertisements can lead to an indoctrination of these children. For example, a little girl four years of age only wants to drink a certain juice anymore, because she has seen this advertisement over and over again. These arguments would suggest a ban on television advertising directed toward children between the age of two and five.

In conclusion, the arguments that support the statement are more serious than the ones that disagree, because the young children are the future and they cannot be indoctrinated. Others would argue that if the economy is hurt badly there wouldn't be a future to live in, but the companies can still make advertisements on other sources. Therefore, this topic is very controversial. In my opinion, I wouldn't ban the advertisements, because they are only on television and if parents don't want their children to be exposed towards them, they have the possibility to not let their children watch television.