The Presantation we just heared made a point to why computerized voting isn't necessarily a good solution to avoid errors in voting. For one, she said that computerized voting may be better to people who are used to technology and who are familiar with how everything works, but if you didn't own one or if you didn' tuse it everyday, you might be intimidated by it and may even refrain from voting at all. They also referred to the fact that recounting the votes with a computerized system is impossible in case of an error. Once sent, the traces of the votes are lost and you can not retrace them. So if there's an error of misscounting the votes, you would have to reschedule the voting. In the text the reason for wanting to change to a computerized system is the inevitability of human error by counting the votes by hand, the presentation on the other hand is making a point that computers are in fact programmed by people, so human error is still possible. The only difference is, that if a person counting the ballots is making an error, it may effect a few ballots, but if a computer isn't programmed correctly it will affect thousends of votes. 
However, the chance of voting for the wrong candidate by accident is much higher if you just have to make a cross behind the name of the desired candidate. The person counting the ballots may have bad eyesight which will lead to the inability to see with a hundred percent chance, which candidate the voter meant to pick. If you vote on a computer you have the possibility to magnify the computers' screen to make sure you pick the right candidate. It's also not in the hands of another person to decide which candidate they picked, because on the computer you can just touch the screen to pick the candidate's name and it will be recorded.
Critics say that it's ironic that governments and individuals trust complex computer technology everyday in e-baking and communication of highly sensitive information, still they don't trust the computer with simple votes. The presentation, on the other hand, stated that at first every new programm was flawed; it had to be improved one by one until it was where it is now. And the only reason why it was improved, is because people use it so often. The voting system is only used twice a year in some local areas, so the time that would be necessary to perfect the system would be too long and would have a great history of inaccurately counted votes.