The woman talking about the voting system adresses two main points. 

The first main point is that people being in favor of digital voting fail to consider the people that do not use computers on a regular basis and are therefore not used to handling them. There are also those people that do not even own a computer. This can have two consequences: People being discouraged to even vote, since they're not confident about handling computers or may not even have one, and people that aren't used to computers being prone to make more mistakes. This last point contradicts what the text says. According to the text, critics think that there would be less mistakes made by the voters because the names can be directly touched and the voters can even have the computer magnify the name of the candidate for easier viewing.

The second main point is that she thinks, computers could fail just as easily as humans when counting the votes. She thinks this is because of the computer being programmed by humans as well, meaning a mistake could slip in just as well. The thing about a computer making a mistake, according to her, is that it would be much bigger and more significant. Someone counting wrong wouldn't really affect the results too much, if however a computer makes a mistake, it's going to be much bigger and there is also no recount possible since the data isn't stored in physical form. The critics have the opposite opinion on pretty much this whole point. They say officials are inevitably going to make mistakes since they have to count thousands of ballots by hand. They say the possibility of error is removed with computerized systems, not really taking in account that they are programmed by humans as well. Both use the point of computerized systems being used daily in finance and other important areas. The woman however says that it is possible only because they are being used all the time. The systems could be tested often enough and all possible errors could easily be removed because of that. With the elections only taking place once every two years, there is just not enough possible room for testing in her opinion. The critics however think that since it's used in such important areas, it could also be used just as well for the voting process.
