The text and the listening are about the current votinc system we are using. The text claims that the traditional way of counting votes leads to errors due to human nature and says that an electronic voting system would be the most suitable. On the other hand the woman in the listening said that computers can make mistakes too and prefers the traditional way. I think that an electronic voting system would be quite nice and revolutionary.

First of all, the text is criticising the current voting system. It says that, for our standards today, it is very inefficient to still vote by hand. The main arguments are that humans make errors. It all starts when they start voting. It may happen that humans accidentally vote for the wrong candidate because they get gigantic lists with many names on them and if they have bad eyesight they may put the mark on the wrong name. Computers could help out by magnifying the name so that we can see it better. According to the text, there is another problem. The votes in the traditional way need to be counted by hand. If you put that and the fact that humans make errors together you come to the conclusion that there will be wrong counts and envelopes which are forgotten and so on. This can be a drastical problem, especially on votings where there isn't a big difference on votes between the candidates. 

On the other hand we have the woman which is against an electronic voting system. She admitts that the traditional way has his flaws but she doesn't believe that computers will be better. People which were raised without a computer or people who do not have the money to get one will feel intimidated by one and probably pick the wrong candidate due to this fact. Another point which she makes is that computers ware made by humans therefore there could already be flaws in the computer itself. That can lead to much worse situations than counting by hand because if you count by hand and you forget some votes, you have lost some. If you put everything in the computer and something bad happens, every entry might be deleted. The problem would be that you don't have physical votes to put it in the computer again but everything would be gone. That is why she says that computers would be worse for us.

Both have their points but I believe computers can be really good. Errors in computers are way more seldom than errors by human hand and computers are being evolved every day so there will be even less as time passes. I think that it would save us much time if we did it by computer. 