The two sources given both talk about the voting system of America. The written source states that there would be far less problems and error if the voting system of the United States of America were computerized and made digital. The spoken source counters that statement by saying that the computerization of the voting system would cause some problems that may be bigger than the ones they have with the current system. The written source says, that in the current system, every voter is given a large sheet, on which they have to mark on out of multiple dozens of presidential candidates. The spoken source argues, that if the voting wouldn't be done on those sheets anymore, the count of the voters could potentially decline by a lot. The reason for that would be, that there are lots of people, who don't feel confident when using a computer and people who can't afford a computer all together. They also state, that it would be fatal, if those digital systems had errors in them, that could affect the data produced by the voters. The spoken source is also of the opinion that, because the computers are programmed by humans, human error would also occur in those digital voting systems. The written source is of opposite opinion. They say, that the large sheets mentioned before, cause a lot of human error. The sheets are very big and all the names written on them are quite small. The chance of a voter accidentally marking the wrong candidate supposably is rather big. The written source also states, that the computer systems wouldn't have to be more complicated than the ones on paper. An issue that they also address is, that the votings done on paper have to be evaluated by humans, who have to count every single marking on thousands of sheets, that are used for voting. The potential error in that regard is also huge because a human can misscount something so easily. The voting system on paper is thus no better than the digital one and has some potential errors that could easily be fixed with the use of digital machines. Both sources adress each others problems and bring up some valid points for them being the better system.