Finding a voting system that makes everyone happy seems to be a big callenge. Critics think that the traditional system is very inefficient and that there are way to many human-caused mistakes that could be reduced significantly if there would be new voting technologies. To explain this further the critics say that many people accidentally vote for the wrong people, because all they have to do is mark a little box next to the persons name they want to vote for and especially for older people who have eye problems it's become hard to read the ballot. Therefore many people vote for a person they don't want to, just because they can't read the name properly. Another argument is, that the officials have to count all those votes one by one and it's almost inevitable to make counting errors which means that most of the results we know today are actually invalid.
However there is another side to this. The supporters of the traditional system doubt that computer voting would make anythig easier or make the votes more valid. In their point of view people who are not usually exposed to computer technology and don't use them in their daily life, voting over computer would be a problem. There would be a lot of mistakes because they accidentally click on the wrong box or don't scroll down all the way and things like that. Also it might seem very scary for them to use a computer so they simply decide not to vote at all. The biggest argument is that computers are made by humans so there would be human errors too, just with the difference that in the traditional system, maybe an officer counts a few vote wrong but with computer error thousands of votes could be counted wrong and the results would be completely invallid. Also other than in the traditional system, with the computer system you can't recount the votes. Over all the supporters of the traditional system admit that their system hassome minor mistakes but they are convined that it is still sufficient and that the computer system would only falsen the results.