In the text I just read they have a positive view on computerized voting systems and they would really like to make it the standard in the USA for all elections. They say it is superior to human's because of two main reasons. First a computer support's people with bad eyesight. In a normal oting tube the voter has to search the name of his candidate between alot of other names and he can easily make a mistake and vote for another person because he couldn't see it clear enough. A computer eradicates that problem since he can magnify the names of the candidates and that way it's way easier to use for those people. The second point would be that to count the votes alot of people are needed and they are under alot of stress. There for they're going to do mistakes while counting and if you have to make a recount it's ging to take time and cost money. A computer doesn't have those problems, he's fast , he doesn't make any counting mistakes and he also is cheaper, because you don't have to pay fr the people counting the votes and also you eliminate the possibiity of having to do a recount.
The last pint in the text is that the people who now think, that we can't trust a computer they all use computers in their daily life for online banking, booking holiday's etc. So there shouldn't be any fear for using computer's to count votes. 

On the other side we have the people from the presentation I just listend to. They are clearly against using comuterized voting system's sicne they argue not everybody has a computer and there for not everybody is used to it. The second point they point out is that a computer can still make mistakes if he has an error in his programing and that if a computer does a counting error it will be impossible to recount because on the computer the data will be lost and there are no physical vote's anymore to let it be done by human's. To the argument that we trust computer's in our daily life they say that the programs there we'rent flaless from the begining and that they have been improved over a long time. Takig that in consideration you can't just expect the computerized voting system to work without any problems from day one. There will be problem's but since those pronlem's will affect the political reality of the USA they won't allow it. They argue that we don't have enough ocassion to test and improve those computerprograms since they only vote a few times a year. There for it would be complete nonsense in their eyes to change to a computerized voting system.