The United States is encouraged to replace the traditional voting system with a computerized voting machine. Some people find this a good idea and others are skeptical. Nowadays almost everyone uses a computer at home which makes them used to it, so such a computerized voting system would be easy for them to handle, whereas the older generation who are more likely not to be used to computers could have big difficulties with voting at a computer and could even be discouraged to do so because of the fear of technology. A problem with the traditional voting system is that people have to vote on a large sheet of paper with a long list of the candidate's names, which are written in a small font, so people with poor eyesight have difficulties reading it and accidentally vote for the wrong candidate. This would not be the case in computerized voting systems, as it is able to magnify the candidate's names for people with poor eyesight. Another important aspect in deciding whether a new system should be adopted or not is the accuracy of the counts of the votes. The traditional voting system relies on humans who count these votes and obviously humans could easily make a mistake in counting the votes. Some argue that a computerized voting system would do a better job in counting the votes but others can't see why it would be better because computers are installed by humans so if there already is an error in the installation of the computer it would have a more significant effect on the result of the counts, than if a human had done the job. It's also important to know that these systems will not be able to work perfectly from day one, they will need big improvements. In comparison to computer technology in banking transactions and in the communication of highly sensitive information, a computerized voting system would not be used frequently, so the computers, and the voters too, would need a long time to get used to the new computerized voting system, since voting only happens once in a while. 