The debate between voting with computer technology or voting by hand is in this context fairly easy. The computer technology side has far more positiv arguments. For instance in the current state almost all of the people will be able to vote with computers, because every one has surely worked once with a computer. The critics of the computer technology say, that a lot of people can't work with a computer or don't have one. But it's still far more easier, because instead of bringing the election paper to goverment they can vote from home or if they don't have a computer they cango to an interent cafe. I mean it's the same thing but easier. Another point that the critics of the new system are making is that an error in the source code of the voting system is far more damaging as not counting correctly in some cases by hand. Although it's true, that an error is more damaging, it's not like there aren't any specialists in programming, who can't find a simple error. If this new system will be launched in the next few years, the creation of it will be created in different kind of steps in which the programm gets tested over and over until there is no error. The fear of progress and technology is true in this argument. Like mentioned earlier, the old system has more flaws. For example, there is the problem that the people how count the voting papers got payed by someone to accidentally count wrong also known as corruptism. With the computer system there can't be such a thing, because a computer can't be corrupt. I mean there is a chance that a hacker hacks the howl system almost like in the new series Mr. Robot, but we all know the USA's government right? They will have involved the CIA and FBI to secure the system. And the point the critics of the old system were making, were sometimes trivial. If someone isn't able to cross the right quader on an election paper, because of his eyesight, then that's not the problem of the system itselfs that's the problem of the voter and as we all know, the people in the USA aren't the smartest so it's probably best to launch the new system. 