Votings play a big role in our lifes nowadays, mainly taking part once every two years. As well does technology. But how do these two combine?

The traditional vote by hand has been in our world since politics began. For that every habitant of an area able and willing to cast a vote need to mark a cross on the name of their favorite written on a sheet of paper called a ballot. These ballots are then put into a safe and later count by officials, which is the usual process. 

Nevertheless, a lot of people today complain about the inaccuracy of voting by hand and speak out some of the reasons.
To begin with, there are thousand of hundres of votes casted each year, which leads to a lot of counting and humans are no machines. This can provoce mistakes with the numbers and the consequence of this can even be a wrong outcome. 
Moreover, it is said that the number of accidental wrong votes is high due to bad eyesight or confusion when taking the pencil to the paper.
Given this, a new alterntaive would be to introduce computers into that matter, which many thins would be more efficiant. This is because they would have a touch screen option which makes it more difficult to make mistakes and the information is translated by the computer, meaning there are no human error involved. Above this, modern technology is used in a lot of sensitive information ares today and makes it easy to rely on it.
It is not as easy as it sounds though. 
The risk of a shutdown of the program is too high, say some, and the operators can shut down, which leds to a breakdown of the whole system.
A really important matter to look into as well is the financial situation, because we live in a world where a big amount of habitants cannot afford such an item and are therefore excluded from voting, although their vote is as important as every others. There are people that do not know how to work computers which makes is less reliable to use this option. 

There are advantages and disadvantages for both, the traditional and the technological voting processes, making it unclear which will be used in the future.
  
 