Many people say that the old voting system is inefficient as it is inaccurate because miscounts happens due to human error. That lets us to think of new alternatives such as the use of a computer for the voting process. Although this is a great idea on paper and it seems that computerized voting is going to take over the old way of voting, many citizens are not confident in computerized voting.

One of the major problems faced by the traditional way of voting is, people have to choose their canidates they would vote from a long list. People of elderly age or with poor eye sights might find it hard to choose correctly and might vote wrongly. In contrast, by using computerized voting, we can use touch screens with magnifying settings in order to eliminate the problems. 

Secondly, computers nowadays are very efficient and are able to calculate and process data much quicker than a normal human can. For example, computers can calculate the ballots at the instant it was voted without breaking a sweat while a human must work day and night counting all the ballots individually which is labour intensive, if the counter suspects that he miscounted, he has to recount all the ballots again. On the subject of counting ballots, humans often make mistakes during counting and the difference of those mistakes may lead to the wrong canidate winning the election. 

However, there are problems implimenting computerized voting such as the fear of technology by some people. Although the transitioning from traditional voting to computerized voting is easy for most people as they have a computer or smartphones, certain people who are not able to affort it may find computerized voting scary and might deter them from voting.

The second problem facing the implementaion is that there might be errors in the programm writen by humans. In traditional voting, a few miss ballots might not be sever but in a computer, it might be thousands of ballots voted wrongly or they might just dissapear entirely. Also, due to the ballots must not be stored anywhere, it is impossible to recount the ballots in a computer but in the traditional way, a recount is posible as the ballots are physical ballots, not store in 1s and 0s.

Many people also specilate that the software is difficult to improve on at the frequency of and election is once every two years or more and so it is difficult to find errors in the programming in contrast to banking software, which is used everyday and such, it is easier to find errors and correct them.

In conclusion, using computerized voting has lots of challanges but given enough time, it would more effiecient that the traditional voting system as it matures.