Critics of the current US voting system state that the voting systems currently used are very inefficient an inaccurate. Due to this complin new options to replace the current voting system were introduced. These new voting systems would be fully automatized and not like today done by humans. The traditional voting system in the US requires humans to count all the votes themselves and by hand. Sheets with votes are filled out by every human able to elect and living in the US. In the new systems the humans would be exchanged with computers to count all votes sent to them over a network. Opinions about these new voting system are very different.

In the tradiotional voting system people with a bad eyesight could easily "missvote" if they set their cross at a wrong name out of all of them written on the sheet. Hence with the new technology there would be far less problems since there are very easy touch- or computerscreen systems to put in ones vote. Critics of this statement say that not everyone can afford a device to put in ones vote and this would lead to people not beeing able to vate as they are right now.

In the old voting system people still have to count all the votes themselves what could lead to so called miss ballots. Again there are critics to this argument who state that computers are still programmed by humans and if they make a mistake in programming it could lead to a much worse error than if they just missed a few votes. Another argument is that there is no physical prove of all the votes, since everything is done over a network. So recounting of all the votes is completely impossible in this case.

Trusing computers is a thing humans do all the time in their everydaylife, take banking as an example. But everydaylife is not voting. A vote takes place once every one or two years. Therefore it is nearly impossible to make sudden improvenets to a automatical voting system as you can do it to a banking system.

To conclude, the voting system in the United States is very old and does not fit in our very technological everydaylife. Still it is a system that wprked for many years and always lead to a vote that represented the will of the people. A new voting system would definitely be something to think about in the future but it has to come to marked fully prepared and already tested and improved.