Essay on voting technologies in the United States of America

Today, when there is a national vote in the USA, people vote on the tradional way, by pen and paper. But there are a lot of people, who critizise this way of of voting. They argue for a more efficient way of voting, the computer. Here you could easily just mark your opinion or the person you vote for, and you wouldn`t be searching on a paper for a far too long time for your candidate or your opinion. So this would mean, that people won`t be voting for something they didn`t actually wanted to vote for by accident. Surely people that have a bad eye-sight would benefit from this, as it must be diffiult for them to find their candidate on a paper with that many names and really small writing.
And then there is the maybe biggest problem with the traditional way of voting: As there are usually few people who count the votes of every person in the whole USA, there are surely every know and then some mistakes in counting, as they are only human beings, and those just make mistakes when they work for a long time. If it`s an election, that has a close result, those little seeming erors can have a huge impact and change the result of the vote. And if they actually notice, that there may have been an eror in counting, they can start all over again and count every single vote new. This can cost so much time, and we all know that when we vote we`d like to know the result as soon as possible. Critics argue against this, by saying that those computer programms, which count the votes, are also only a product of a human being and can easily have a mistake in it. And if there would be a mistake in a computer programm, it would surely end in far more serious erors than counting the votes traditionally. And here a recount would simply be impossible. Then again, there are arguements against those words, as we use the computer for other serious stuff, like bank transactions and in generall the computer is heavily used. But, even these programms weren`t flawless from the beginning on: As the computer and these programms first launched, they were full of mistakes. But from time to time people spotted those erors and could change the programms just to the point were they are today, where they are working flawlessly. The same thing would be with the election programm. But as there are only national elections every two years, the process would cost a huge amount of time.