People don't agree on the current voting system in the United States. Both partys have reasonable points why they think computorized voting might be better than traditional voting, or the other way around. Critics of the traditional system argue that it is very inefficient because of several points. Since people get big sheets with lots of names on them they easily can make a mistake and tick the wrong person. Especially if the person in question has poor eyesight. In this point they think that computers or any device with touch screen might be easier to use. The system might allow them to make the font bigger and easier to read. But the other party says that only people who are used to computers might be profiting, the others could evem be discouraged to vote. But there are other disadvantages of traditional voting, such as the human error that probably occurs during counting the voting sheets one by one. When someone realizes that there has been a mistake they have to recount all thousands of voting sheets which takes up a lot of time and money. So the solution would be that computers count it, but that could be more difficult to arrange because the human error might still occur. Due to people programming computers there could even be a mistake in the system so every vote could be miscounted. A recount would even be impossible because the sheets don't exist physically. But one could think: why are we making such a fuss about it but trust banking systems and other technological systems every day, without thinking about it? The problem is, as this argument says, we are using those systems every day and have tried to improve them since the day they came up with it while voting programms would only be used every two years. Only trial and error would help improve the system but if we can only try every two years it would take forever to improve the programme.
Finally, I think that there are lots of advantages but also disadvantages, but if we never try, we might never improve anything, making the same mistakes over and over again. 