The text delivers mostly points for computerizing the voting process in the United States. It points out, what disatvantages the the current system has and points out, what the advantages of a new computerized system would be. The speaker in the lecture is heavily against a new system and presents a lot of facts, why the current system is the better one. For example in the text it says, that more people wouldn't accidently vote for a person they don't want elected because they just had to touch the name on the screen and it would even be possible to magnify names to be sure that one is voting for the person one really wants to vote for. The lecturer on her side points out, that a lot of people still aren't used to working with modern technology like touch systems and computers in general, because they may be too poor to have a computer for themselves or it's just not the generation of the elder and they don't really know what exactly they have to do. Also, the speaker says, there is a chance, that people will be discouraged and don't even try to vote with the newer technology. Then the text says, that computers are way more accurate than people when it comes to counting votes and that there will be less miscounted votes with the new system which would be very important if an election is a close call. The speaker on her side again, reminds her audience that computer programs are human made and that those programs are dangerous, because if there is a mistake in the program and an error occurs when counting the votes, the error may be way worse than just a few miscounted votes. Lastly the text reminds the reader that we trust computers with our bank details and every delicate detail of our daily life, which means that we may as well trust them with our votes. The lecturer responds to this argument by saying, that those eBanking programs are being used every day of our lives and that they were not flawless from the start - they are being worked on almost every day. So to sum it up both sides have their arguments but the speaker presents own points and corrects the text