In the lecture it was said that computers would not really make the voting and the counting of votes easier. In the text it was suggested to use computerized voting systems so that the people would not accidently vote for a wrong candidate. A misvoting most of the time happens because the ballot has a huge list of names and people with poor eyesight can barely read it and would cross the wrong name. The woman holding the lecture brought up people who are not used to utilse computers or were not able to afford one. People of that kind could make even more mistakes by voting this way or get even discouraged to vote anymore..
Another major problem which was brought up in the text was, that in the current voting system people are the ones who count the votes one by one. And because they have to deal with thousands of ballots it surely can happen that they make a mistake which leads to a long and expensive recount. To avoid this it should be possible to use computerized systems to avoid this human errors.In the lecture it was said that even computers don't exclude any more errors. In fact errors by computers could be even more fatal. It is possible that votes get deleted from the system or a counting error happens because it wasn't programmed correctly. 
In the text it is also written that some people say that it is too risky to use this complicated voting technology nationwide but they forget about the fact that governments and individuals use computer technology for the banking transactions and also for communication of highly sensitive information. But as a counter to this argument the woman in the lecture said that the computer technology for banking transactions are used by countless people every day. People learned from the past mistakes and could use it the perfection the banking system quite fast because it was used so much. A computerized counting of votes would only be used every two years nationwide in the U.S. Because this kind of technology would be barely used it is much more difficult to detect the error in the programm and correct it.